So are you going to break up with her? Tamar. We won't forgive. Wow. That is intense. We won't forgive Netanyahu. That is amazing. He a friend of yours? Do you think that eventually there should be two states, or do you think Israel shouldn't give up the Territories? Losing what? What do you mean, you're a nation of freiers? Have you had special training recently, in the last few months, for this American war? Have you gotten orders yet for this war? Now, what we're told in America is that the Iraqi Army-- I don't want to offend you-- but that it's weak right now. It doesn't have the training. It doesn't have the money. It doesn't have the support. And so we're told it will be a tough fight, but we're going to win it very easily. Do you see Iraqi soldiers preparing for the ground war in Baghdad or in your city? I mean, I find it very confusing myself. I think there are few-- George Bush-- it's very hard to fight-- You don't want to talk about this stuff, do you? What was he like? Did you get to know him? Was he ever funny? Did you like him? You said you want to help the Americans. Have you tried to make contact with the Americans? They look like they've been broken, yeah. He just pulled his fingers to show how they pulled it. And you can see that his nails are not put-- you can see that his nails are not-- they're scarred all around. God, it's so upsetting to look at his hands. It's just so upsetting looking at him. His hands are just-- they look like they were broken and put back together. I mean, I find it very confusing myself. I think there are a few-- George Bush-- it's very hard to fight. What have you heard from the Americans about what their plans are? What do you know about Bremer? What do you know about Bremer? If he were walking down the street, would you recognize him? Is it hard sending people away like that? You're getting used to it. Are you learning any Arabic? Say all that stuff. Say it. Amjad, you seem very angry right now. And are the Americans more helpful? How did you think the meeting went? Did you feel the Americans were listening to you? Were they responsive to what you were saying? Are you ready to fight in a month?