 Including yourself?  It all seems almost, casual's not the right word, but kind of matter of fact. I mean that you don't say to her, well why would you want to give her up. It's, you--  It must be somewhat of a relief. Because I know you were anxious, and I know I was anxious, and I didn't have anywhere near as much at stake as you did about what we were going to find.  So you're worried that she's-- somebody might take advantage of her?  Has that happened at all, have people tried to do that? Three more years?  Do you ever think, how am I going to be here without my daughter?  But it's got to be hard for you. I can tell how close you are with Georgia.  But it's got to be so hard as a mother to let go.  It's quite humid, huh?  So your father's taking care of a child now?  That matter of fact.  That's what you said to your mother?  The interesting thing that perplexes me, I mean I think I can understand the first time around. Georgia's really young, she's three years old, and Margaret's living a really difficult life. A woman comes along who she clearly on some level admires, maybe doesn't know well, and offers to take Georgia. And Margaret goes along with it. And then everything goes awry, and she gets her kid back. And I would think that would be the most glorious moment in some ways. You know, her--  Yeah, and that she doesn't want-- she's still willing. Here we are four years later, and she's still willing and ready to give Georgia up.  What kind of questions? Your house is one story? So you're sitting, you're floating on your mattress. King size or--? Are you lying on your bed all day? You're just reclining, or sitting on it, or? Up to where on your body, the water? What did you do about water? It sounds like you had survival experience. How would you know? Sounds like you were awfully calm. What else would you do to keep your spirits up? So you're on your mattress every day, just lying there, and you're thinking about redecorating your house? During those eight days, what did you miss the most? And what were you wearing during all this time? Did you learn anything about yourself that you didn't know before? So you realized you just didn't need all of that?