Is that your full-time job? It's your full-time job? What are the big sellers? What's the least favorite candy on board? So people hate Bonkers? Nobody likes them.  Cheez-Its? Why did the Navy pop into your head? Why Navy? From the time you told that guy at the party you were going to join the Navy to the time you were in the Navy, how many days passed? And how is it for you? Once you were in boot camp, did you have second thoughts? You said you're hooking it to the back of the boat by a couple inches. What does that mean? How long does it take to get to Afghanistan? This might be sort of a bonehead civilian question, but is it hard to drop a bomb? Emotional or-- Yes.  What was that like to read that document and know in light of what had happened to you, is that-- it sounds like what you were just saying is that it actually made it seem like America's actually on your side.  You talk about what you like when you went in. And it almost sounds like you've had this horrific miscarriage of justice done against you. And here you are on the other side of it. And you have more respect for the system than maybe when you went in, in a way. And during those months, how were you behaving? What was different? Describe your thoughts on your morning walk in this state. So in this time, when you're without testosterone, you're walking down the street. You're just ticking things off, just making these very simple observations. Yeah, like a grocery list exactly. You also have a thought that comes to you all the time, right? Talk about that. It's so staggering that that is the core thought that you were left with. If you see things factually, you could have just as easily settled on monstrous or disgusting. And so it's just interesting to me that the adjective your brain, and what was left of your personality, chose to ascribe to everything is "beautiful." Why do you think that is? Well, I can understand that. Because desire often feels like a burden. It often feels like if I just didn't want that thing, not having it wouldn't be so painful. You have the testosterone of two linebackers. What were some of the changes that you didn't expect? The Xerox machine. What did you do with that? I mean, what did you think? I'll say. Wow. Testosterone didn't just turn you into a man. It turned you into Rush Limbaugh. That is so fascinating. Because as a man, I think, from the time I went through puberty, I feel like that's something that I've been learning to do in a certain way, is just figure out how to say things without getting myself in trouble. I would not have thought that you would have had that problem. Or something. Are there other ways, other than the visual, and other than the libidinal, are there other ways that you feel like testosterone has altered the way you feel or perceive? No way. Come on. Are you serious? You're just setting us back a hundred years, sir. Wow. How about in the way you feel things and in the way you perceive of your feelings? Is there any change there? You've answered a lot of questions for us today. You reinforced a lot of stereotypes that we've almost dispelled with. Did you have an idea of what kind of man you were going to be before the transition? This is my model. Who was it? And how do you feel about it? Is that sort of a-- Were there specific things that you were hoping for? What college did you say you went to? What do you feel like the biggest thing that you do miss is? And what do you think is the biggest thing you've gained? You know what occurs to me is that you're in a perfect position to offer romantic advice to anybody who needs it. You would make a million dollars. And then? What do you think it would mean if you won? Did you use that as a bargaining-- From that point on, they knew they were dealing with a high roller. Because you think they're stolen. And that's the thing about Bronson. Bronson delivers his line and then shoots somebody or punches somebody. You delivered your line and then walked across a parking lot to make a pay phone call. How long did you work there? So you came back to town and started to look up some of the people that you used to work with, right? And so who did you talk to first? They actually would check, though? What is this called, actually, what he's doing now? Is there a term for what he's doing? So he's just showed up here without any tickets. OK, so I actually timed this. From the moment he says "Thank you, man," to the moment he runs into another person is exactly 1 minute and 20 seconds. Wait a minute. He just tried to sell it for $100? Did you always win? Did the customer ever have a chance? During the time that you worked, during those five years that you worked as a scalper, how was the money? You had a literal suitcase of money?  What's in the basement?  So you got this tip. And then the next thing you had to figure out was, I know the stock I want to buy, how do I actually buy it?  Talk about, as far as you could tell, was it popular with the customers?  It was? OK.  They were?  Did people actually come up to you and talk to you about it?  So I talked to the guy from the Doblin Group yesterday, and he explained to me what the original genius was.  He said that the original genius was that it had figured out a way to make a two-liter soda without having to ship it, basically. Then the machine actually purifies the tap water, and then it mixes it all together. And it does it for you right there. There is genius, and we don't even know the full genius. It's cheaper, it's way cheaper. Also he said that it's free advertising because, basically, you have a machine in the store, and he said that you can cover that machine, the face of that machine, with whatever image you want. And it's, basically, a huge surface. And he said the problem with Coke and other groceries is that the only picture you can put is on a tiny, two-liter bottle.  You can really, really do some good brand forming.  For a long time we were not even sure that Fountain Fresh ever existed as a company. So it's sort of comforting to hear you say that there actually was a warehouse with guys in T-shirts driving trucks.  Yes. Exactly. Especially that they had wrenches.  Well, it makes sense, though, because if you thought well, if you still had faith in it, which we both did, we were so sure. I remember, for the whole first year, thinking well, it's going to bounce back.  Why is that dripping is never a good question. God was not on our side.  Right. We had no idea of what we were up against. When you read those as a kid, did you think that's what it was going to be like? Did that actually-- Did you know that it was sort of a fantasy, or did it actually inform you? So in other words, it made you think by becoming a politician you could actually do some good. Do you think that like of the bills that the sort of people vote on, do you think that most of the people who are voting for the bill actually understand how it will impact once it's implemented? On the huge floor of the Michigan House of Representatives, nobody is coming to order. The 110 lawmakers, 63 Republicans and 47 Democrats, continue to mill around and cluster in small groups. There's a big fight brewing today over two bills, Senate Bill 252 and Senate Bill 560, both of which do essentially the same thing, which is impose fees on anyone who discharges pollution into the water. One of the bills deals with groundwater, the other rivers and lakes. In any event, in both of them, the more pollution you discharge, the higher your fee. For small organizations like a day camp with a septic system or a small veterinary office, the fees are in the hundreds of dollars. For large entities like the Ford Motor Company or the City of Grand Rapids, they can climb into the tens of thousands of dollars. The idea is that the bills will encourage everyone to pollute less because that will lower your fees and thus lead to clean drinking water for everyone. And that's a lot? Do you find it like, yesterday we drive around your district. And then we go to this like redlining meeting where it's very local. And then I come into that chamber, and then there's this like elaborate political game that's going on. It's hard to see the connection sometimes. It was hard for me. Is it sometimes hard for you?  Opposed doing it?  And you, personally, what were your thoughts?  What is it about him, do you think, when you see him? What do you see when you're looking at him?  That's the thing, that seems to me, is that somebody with this gift, clearly--  Yeah.  I'm not saying anybody should have an issue with it at all. Here's a person who's, at every stage of their professional career, it's been imbued with a sense of trying to make a difference until you get to the Springer show.  Has doing the show for these last 8, 10 years, has it informed your political thinking in any way?  Who called you to be a member of this committee?  Let me ask one other question about Dr. Banner. He has testified several times on behalf of the lead industry. And at the time that he was appointed, you had Dr. Weitzman and Dr. Lanphear, both of whom have just pages and pages of publications to their name, dealing with the very issue of lead poisoning. And then you have a person put on the committee who hasn't really published anything about lead poisoning and whose name was given to HHS by representatives of the lead industry.  But this is from when I talked to him. He said that the people who first asked him if he wanted to be nominated were representatives of the lead industry.  I guess--  So you're saying it's a coincidence that somebody called him up from the lead industry and said, we want to nominate you for this, and then he got nominated?  Right. I guess it just seems-- can you understand, though, how that might seem suspicious?  You can't?  And this is going back-- That's back to the '70s?  And that would have meant, literally, what?  Was that a disappointment, to find out that they don't happen that way? What do you mean? Oh, OK.  So inviting a bunch of teenagers to a library and then locking them in is a fun activity for them? He's the treasurer. Who decides that?  And that's, when?  I thought you meant you would take the money and go get something really, really good. But you're actually [INAUDIBLE] even worse.  So how does that work if you're wearing the same costume every night?  Wait. Are are you telling me that you guys stop at the library in every--  I don't know if you've risen or fallen. In Brighton?  That one girl said that there. Basically, you are being sort of retained to make this institution that is not necessarily seen as cool cooler. That's sort of a big responsibility. Do you guys feel cool enough?  So if you had to describe the way you thought of the library before this concert, what would you have said? What were the adjectives that would come to your mind if you thought about that?  And now? Come on. Seriously?  Did it make you think differently about the library?  How much are you guys getting paid for this? Now where is the bridge at this point from where you're standing? And you're all carrying your pull along baggage? And what was your thinking at that moment? What did you make of that? What were you thinking? It just sounds so crazy to me that there's like a bunch of tired people trying to walk out of a city, and people are shooting. Did it just seem insane to you? Yeah, what did you really think? It does seem hard to avoid sort of talking about race here. So wait. So a guy came up? A guy just came up to you? What did he say to you? That's incredible. What did he say? So you're set. You have food. You have water. So you started with a group of eight, and then it grew to 70. Who were some of the stories of the people who are in this little encampment with you? So like a police helicopter literally came down to where your camp had been and blew everything away? And you think that was on purpose? Who told you that? What was the fear? That must have been a very-- I mean, on the one hand, you must have been thrilled to be getting out, but was it a little hard? Yeah. On TV. To you, what's the thing that stands out most about that? What was the first that you heard about the hurricane, and what preparations did you make? And were there people who were able to get out, who had a car? Did you actually have hallucinations? What did you hallucinate? Did it make you realize, like so this is what it feels like? This is what it feels like to be starving? Uh-huh. How scared were you? So when they stopped and looked around, you were actually hiding from them? And were you scared? And this is all just to make it as scientifically valid as possible, right? Sadr of Sadr militia? So you were literally in this invasion? Literally, like how soon after? What are those mixed emotions, like on the one side and on the other? Because you're like, I did that. Wow, did you ever find out an answer to that question?