 When you got married, the preacher said, and now you are one. It's our money. It's our kids. It's our stuff. It's our bills. It's our stuff. We work together, so no, it's not his, it's ours. And if he's a real man, what he'll do is sit down and the two of you, together, decide what this is going to be used for, for the good of the family.  You may be kind of a tightwad and you've got the thing turned down too tight.  And his reaction to that is rebellion. You need to loosen up a little and he needs to come to the table and be a grown-up. Is there disability income coming in? OK. Are we sharing that?  OK. What you need to do, though, is it doesn't need to be I budget anymore. It needs to be we're budgeting because part of the rebellion from him is coming from the fact he doesn't feel like he's getting control. The only control he has is over that carpet store money, and he's grasping at trying to have some sense of dignity and control.  OK.  OK. So you're at 55K and you owe 45K? All right. First, get $1,000 cash for miniature emergencies. Cut up your credit cards, and never again are you going to do this.  It has to be a healthy level of anger, and I am getting out of this mess, and I'm never going to live like this again. And we're going to build up some savings. And it's going to take you about three years of sacrifice and living on a budget. And no vacation, and no new anything, and very little eating out, and rice and beans, and beans and rice. And on 55K, you can be debt-free in about three years.  Becky, what's up with you? Good for you. Four years, you've been working on this.  Whoa!  How'd you find this job? So you guys had a brainstorming session. I mean, we got together and said how could I work? You know, you're just awesome. It's a great place to go when you're broke, to work, and you figured that out. I'm proud of you. That's awesome.  I'll tell you. No, I'll tell you anybody can't. They've got to have the work ethic and they've got to have the character that you've got. And if they have that, they can do it. Becky, I'm proud of you. Yell at the top your lungs with all your friends.   How much do you owe on the car? And what do you think it's worth? Oh, my goodness. What a mess.  You wrecked it. Has it been fixed?  Oh, crap. And you didn't have insurance?  OK. Ah.  I'm afraid what you're looking at is, probably, a really good part-time job, about six or eight months of 80-hour weeks. Yeah.  I can't help you, Tina.  Thanks for the call.  888-825-5225. We're going to start this segment off with Kerry in Kankakee, Illinois, WKAN 1320. Hi, Kerry. How are you?  Good. How can I help?  Well, let me ask you something. If you were sitting down with a cup of coffee-- how old are you?  OK. If you were to sit down over a cup of coffee with a 27-year-old, single, young lady that was living with a guy, and she told you what you just told me, what would you tell her? Mm-hmm. Good advice.  Well, I'm not positive. You don't make a lot of money, I agree with that. But let me tell you what, you're in a really unhealthy relationship. You're dealing with a guy who-- he's not hitting you, is he?  You sure?  I'm not sure I believe you.  I'm sorry?  You've got to get out of there, girl. You've got to get out of there now. OK? No. It's not you, darling. This guy's sick.  You've got to get away from him.  OK? Well, I can tell you this. If nothing else, you can start by going to a domestic violence shelter right now and checking in with your kids. And they will help you put together a budget, and get back on your feet, and get other employment. And you may have to take a part-time job. You may have to move into subsidized housing of some kind. I don't know exactly what the short-term, the next six months, is going to look like, but I can tell you this Kerry, you were not designed by God for this man.