Can I have $20? Bucks. Is he your best friend, kind of? Do you and Dad still knock boots? Be makin'-- --with the love? You know what I remember? I just remembered. There was that Shirley MacLaine movie on TV, Out on a Limb. And it was just the worst sappy, silly stuff ever. Yeah. She was eating it up. And it was soon after that she met Aaron. And I was like, that's convenient. I just felt like, you and me and Peter used to all make fun of Mom's students and stuff like that. OK. Yeah, me and Peter used to make fun of these weird people that come to the house. But sometimes, you would try to be down with me and Peter. And you would try to make fun of them, too. But then you were up there doing all the voodoo stuff along with the rest of them. Right. Some dude touched you improperly. And that seems pretty [BLEEP] up. What can Aaron say that would make that better or go away? He can't take it back. Like your problems weren't really that big, or like-- They ask for-- Do you believe in Aaron? Should I ask them one at a time, or should I ask them all? OK. First, could I ask Aaron, what other kinds of humans has Aaron been? Start there. I have a question for you, Aaron. Aaron, isn't it possible that my mom invented you, because she felt so alone and isolated with her deafness? Baseball-- Where do you think your-- wait, what's this one? Mike channeled? Is that hereditary? I thought channeling skips a generation. Dad was channeling? No. You're pulling my-- you're yanking-- Yeah. You channeled? Who'd you channel? Who did he channel? Can you channel Munga right now? I'm asking Dad to channel Munga. Dad, just don't worry about it. She's crazy. She's [UNINTELLIGIBLE] Hey, Big Papa. How come Mom wouldn't let you channel Munga earlier? Could you do Munga now? Can you try? I know sometimes you feel him closer than others, but-- Munga, this is Davy. And can I ask you-- Is Aaron just a part of you? Why won't he just prove himself? It's so easy. I have a number between 1 and 100. So he's not real. Does he know the number? He doesn't have to say it. I just want him to know the number. Does he know it? I'm begging him, please, I just want to know. And then, I know it doesn't matter. His teachings are pretty cool. It doesn't matter if he's real or not. But I just want to know. So just look. Aaron, I'm asking you for one second, just look. Now if Aaron hadn't come along-- Hey Pete, hurry down. Dad's going to sing.