 When you're onstage doing Hamlet, what do you draw upon in your own experience to make the character come to life?  So, which are you, Big Hutch?  Really, why?  Are there no reasons to delay taking swift action? Even if you're convinced that you've been wronged? I mean, that's why he stages the play within the play, right? To make sure that Claudius is the bad guy.  Do you think your audience is going to be able to draw the very fine distinction you're making between a fop and a gay person?  Certain people on certain levels. OK, come on. Let's-- as we say in the editorial business, let's air that out a little bit.  Do you feel like you can be Laertes because so much of Laertes is inside James Word?  What, in your experience, drew you to those particular words?  So when you read the character, do you feel like-- who's talking when you say those lines?  You know, we came in here three months ago or five months ago, and met you all for the first time as actors. And so yesterday, we decided to go down to City Hall and read everybody's record. And I have to say, since I met you as an actor first and now I know what you did, it's very hard for me to wrap my mind around this other guy that's on paper. And, so I want to know how you do it. How do you square the Brat Jones of-- what was it, 13 years ago?  --with the one that I see on the stage tonight?  It was a hard question for any of them to answer. They all said the same thing. But I'm this guy now. I'm not that guy. Are we forever the prisoner of our actions? It's a good question. It was Hamlet's question. And it's the unresolvable conflict in our penal system. Why do we put people in jail? To rehabilitate them and restore them to our company or to punish them, regardless of how much they might change? One can't hold both these ideas in one's mind simultaneously. That's why our prison debates on TV and in Congress are so vehement and incoherent. The two sides cannot be squared by mere politics. They can't even be squared by the people at the center of the debate. Here's Danny. OK. Well, I have a computer in front of me. And I have the software, which I've downloaded from a public access site. So let's rig an election, Jim. OK. It asked me for a password. Let's see. How about D-E-M-O-C-R-A-C-Y? OK. OK. Yeah. Wow. Umm, yes. Yeah. There it went. Wow. What you're saying is that we have the worst of both worlds. We have no paper and no way of looking at the system that's operating it. How did we manage to privatize the most public thing we do in this democracy? Let's review. Our new and improved voting system has no way to do a recount and no way to look at the machines to see if they're working properly. So is there a solution to our streamlined, digital, paperless vote? That's it. Once again? Why would they not want to do that? Why? What was proprietary about just practicing the vote again? This is crazy. But you're not asking to look at the code. You're just asking to like-- Wow.  Yeah, would she sit on your lap for this?  OK.  Well, there's a great tradition of women playing the men's roles in Shakespeare, but I think Richard III is one of the more rare roles to be played by a woman.  Are you going to do this? I mean, are you going to be working with Pulcina Piccola, you think, for the rest of your life? Have you ever been there? So when you say the word Nauru now, what image do you see in your mind? [CHUCKLING] Do you remember sort of what those scripts were? Oh, really? Oh, great. Can you just, like, if you were approaching me on the street, how would you? If I had said Kerry, what would you have said to me? Oh, so you wouldn't hand the person a registration card at all? And when you called that number, what were you supposed to just say? Good morning, Fallujah. How are you? So what's been happening today? So you were doing this house-to-house clearing stuff. This is what we're seeing on our TVs here. Can you describe what was it like? What did you do? What music? Yeah, what music would you have chosen? Oh, man. By the way, were you ever scared? This is your second time in Iraq, correct? Yeah, and the first time, you didn't see combat, anything like this, right? Now that you've seen combat, would you want to go into it again? Or do you feel like you're cured? Well, now that you-- Yeah. Right. Did you ever get the boxes we sent you, of food? It was mostly junk food. So listen, I have a joke for you. I love Black Hawks. But you know who hates them? Iraqi sheep farmers. Yeah. OK so also on this program is this comic who's been touring in Fallujah. His name is Tom Irwin. Oh, you didn't see him. Wow, well, we can't wait to see you here back home. Yeah. All right, man. Well, listen, thanks again for all this-- --al this time, yeah. Be safe, as we say. That's all we can say from back here. But anyway, we can't wait to see you. All right, man. I will. All right, Rob. Until then, bye-bye.