What do you hate? Do you hate the house, or what it stands for? What's wrong with the house? This house isn't falling apart. It's just-- Do you think this house is homey? Yeah? Does it have everything you need? We got stuff to cook with, so we can eat. It's got clothes. What else we need to get for this house to make it any homier, Lil? You don't think I need to get anything else? If I were to call up people who had dogs for sale, what should I ask them? Hi, there. I'm calling about the German shepherds in the paper. All right. So here are my questions. The first dog my kids said they wanted was a German shepherd. Do you have a lot of experience raising German shepherds? No? What do you think about them around kids? No, what? No. What do you mean you had a makeover? You mean you changed the way you look? Now I'm curious. That's funny. One of the reasons I'm looking for a dog is my life has changed a lot, too. My marriage has broken up, and I'm living by myself. And the kids are there a lot, but I'm thinking about getting a dog to make it more homey. What was your German shepherd like when you were a little kid? Were your mom and dad together? Do you think you'll always have a dog? What would you like a dog to be like? What kind of dog do you think I should call about? Like what? And that means you can carry them around with them like little babies, is that the idea? I don't want to do that. How about a beagle? What do you think of beagles? Hi there. I'm calling about your beagle puppies. Are they pretty friendly? Yeah? How do they demand it? Do you think a dog can love you? So she just sticks with you. It's down to that. Are you on a waiting list? How's that going to work, then? Why? You think I'm lonely? The only pets I have now, and one of them is-- I have three kids. They're five, 10, and 15. And we have a snake that belongs to my son, who's 10. And we have a cockatiel. But a dog would be a big jump from a snake and a bird. That's right. That's right. And I think sometimes my kids worry that I'm lonely in the house by myself. I think they'd like me to have a dog, because they would think that it would keep me company. One thing I went nuts buying was old kerosene lanterns. What do you think of that? Cheesy? Why? Don't you think it's cozy? Is there anything else I should get for this house to make it seem homier? Wall-to-wall carpeting in this old house? But when I first moved in here, do you remember how many rugs I got?