I remember sort of sicking Heather on people, like them being like, you know, I wish that so and so would just get off my back. And I'd be like, call Heather. You know? Just call Heather. What had you been out doing? Do you remember? Hi, Heather. It's Jessica. How are you? I'm very good. Do you remember our conversation last night? OK. Well, I'm calling you back from the radio now. And I wanted to go ahead and ask you some questions. Is that all right? OK, great. There's something I'm dying to know about, which is how did this start? You've been talking to people on the phone for over 50 years? You know, I was just thinking that it's improbable, in a way, that these many people called you. I mean, Heather, you said thousands and thousands. That's incredible. But I think, to me, it's even more crazy that you talk to them, that you decided that you should respond to all these calls. With the people who call you who are older, do they usually want to talk about something different than the teenagers? Can I ask what your age is? That's amazing. Heather, we were talking yesterday about how you said you thought maybe there were like a dozen people who had called you contemplating suicide. And you said you were able to talk them down, talk them out of it. Heather, do you have kids? Do you know what percentage of the people who call you are girls and boys? Really? Could you sing a song for us now? Oh, Heather. Thank you. Heather, I want to ask a question. What do your friends think about-- do they know about this? Do they know about people calling you? Do you talk about it? So your friends don't know. Have they ever been over and wondered why the phone was ringing so much? So it's a secret. Why is that? What do you look like? How many people ask you that question, I wonder. Just the girls, huh? It is? So do you feel like creepiness comes with the territory with Heather, or creepiness begets the territory? In other words, the creepiness is just there and you have to deal with it, or the creepiness is sort of part of what attracted us to it. And it was a necessary part of Heather. Oh, I also wanted to ask you, Heather, if you could describe the room that you're standing in. What were you watching when we called? Do you like that show?