I can imagine you really liking this message. But you see, I can't imagine it being the kind of thing that was like-- No, no, no. I mean it sounds like you got a kick out of it at the time. But I can't imagine it being like an atomic bomb that hit the campus or something. Sort of like a precursor to the internet. You have it? You have the message? OK. Yeah. Yeah. That's the message that his mother left him? Yes. And there are other people who remember it? Is this Ben? I have two words for you, little mermaid. How many people heard it over the course of the night? Over the course of how many hours? Do you take a certain level of pride in that? I made some calls to Columbia. I spoke to some people who went to school the same time that you did. Yes, I did. And diggy do, you were right. It was all true. The message made a great impact. But anyway, you are missing the point that what I'm saying is that I apologize, because you are right. I am going to read to you a piece of the script that I've written that I'm thinking I might actually end this whole story with, because I want to get some of your feedback. OK? I would say something to the effect of, "and so a recording intended for one person unintentionally became the beloved property of thousands. And in so happening, the message went from being what might have been considered a rather tragic personal artifact that spoke of dysfunction to becoming a triumph of contemporary American humor. No, a part of that whole statement is that I'm actually saying to you, you were right and I was wrong. Explain it. So wait, about the house cleaning thing. Can you explain that? When you mention I don't want another housekeeper, what does that allude to? Did she call herself your housekeeper? Explain her departure, though. How do you mean? What is that? She performed sexually for another person? So when you found out about this, was that when you ended things with Joyce? So the next time that you called her-- So how hopeful were you when you put the ad in the paper that she would actually somehow see it? Timing. Too deadpan. Like, imagine yourself walking away from the mike and then coming back to the mike, turning your head and saying into the microphone, "Jerks!" That's not bad. I'd give it maybe a little bit more pause. There wasn't an aspect of that applause that was sort of-- that they were kind of with me, that they were sort of, hey, you're all right? Like we both just went through a bad situation-- A little. I mean, because a little, I have to admit that a little bit, I kind of felt like there was sort of sympathetic applause. A little bit. No, I mean, I just wanted to run that by you. Because I thought maybe that was possible. So I think what this whole experience has taught us is that certain things just don't translate. Yeah. I mean, karaoke is best served for music. I think that's the lesson that we've both learned from this experience. That it's better to stick to, you know, songs and music, like "These Boots are Made for Walking," and leave comedy off the karaoke stage. Oh, do you? Oh really? Uh, sure. Is this your idea of a victory lap? That's nice. What was Jackie Cohen's allure? Did people like her despite the fact that she was mean? Or did they like her because she was so mean? Did my name ever come up in junior high? Did she ever mention my name? She thought I looked dirty? That was how my name came up? Jackie Cohen. Jackie Cohen. Come on. All right. I will. You said, don't talk to him because he's dirty. Well, maybe I was dirty. Listen, no one is on trial. OK? We're here, just two friends chatting. So what you're saying is that you're defending it. You're saying it was actually a nice thing that you did. He was happy, but I mean, he didn't know any better. Let me ask you this. What happens to mean girl? Is the mean always there? Oh, you don't like that one. That's OK. OK, let's do a little bit of role-playing, shall we? OK? You're going to be the grade eight Jackie Cohen, and I'm going to be the grade eight Jonathan Goldstein, OK? And I'm in the Western Laval Junior High radio club, and I'm sitting there to interview you. All right? OK. Here we go. Um, Jackie? Can I have a bit of your time to interview you? Why? But you're just--  But you're just leaning against the locker. You're not-- No, you see, you wouldn't have even been that polite. But in an alluring way. You know what I mean? People crave it somehow. Obviously it works. Right. And then you satisfy that craving that they're not even entirely aware of. Well, how do you detect that? Josh, the young man who's holding the microphone for you right now. Can you ask Josh if he's nervous with you right now? Can you just put him on the phone for one second, so I can ask him?  Hello? Are you afraid to talk in front of her? You're afraid. Just say yes if you're afraid.  OK. Has she got you on your guard? So what was it like in there? So when she says that there are some people who crave to be abused, you would be one of those people. But why this allure? Why are we so drawn to these mean girls. But wait, is it the fear that-- What about when Jackie said that saying that you can be "hi, bye" friends is actually a nice thing? What'd you think of that? To that guy who asked her out.  How come you won't have me work for you? You know I would be a good employee, right?  You really feel that way?  You don't respect me, do you?  I--  Um, I don't know. That's a good question. I don't know.  Um, I thought-- I don't know.  It's really nice the way you talk about the kids in your school. It's-- it-- it-- you know, the-the parents are lucky to have you looking after their kids. You really-- you know, you give them love, you know, which is something that you can't-- you can't really pay someone to love your-- your kids the way that, you know, the way that you would want them to be loved. Where are going into right now? There's about 400 menus in that drawer. And this is all from takeout? And these are like big bags full of nothing but ketchup? So gone are the days where you had to wheedle out a single packet out of Costa's hands for your French fries? Yeah, because, I mean, most people won't go to the extent that you do, which is why you have guys that work the telephone coming by your house to meet you. That probably doesn't happen that often. But, I mean, just empirically, you have to see at this point that you're getting responded to differently than most people, so there must be something different, no? Hang on a second. Risks his life? But you don't live in a building that has a lobby, right? So you're getting reception of a lobby that is not your own? But you don't know where? On the speed dial. So just as you're flipping from NBC to CBS to FOX, you have the lobby right alongside of them. You started taping it? So at this point how many tapes have you amassed? On each one. So that's like 18 hours. And goes in. But she's sort of fumbly? Pillbox hat. About what time was this? On a daily basis. How long have you been doing this? She came in with a man? How could you tell? You watched while eating dinner? And how late did you end up watching until? And he didn't leave? He never came out? And that's it? Just "good for her?" Nothing else? Not a little something else? So now when you go from say PBS to FOX it just goes straight. Straight through. No shots of the lobby-- nothing. It's gone. Do you think there's certain things that a man should know how to do, like how to handle himself? Should he know how to box a little bit?  Do you feel that smoking lends a man a certain kind of manliness?  You might not remember this, but I remember one time we were on our way to, maybe it was a bar mitzvah. We stopped at a gas station to get some gas, and you picked me up a pack of cigarettes. And you said that it's important for a young man to smoke at a social gathering.  I was probably about, maybe 19.  Wait. Just go back for a second. How did smoking make you feel taller?  How old were you when you started smoking?  Wait. If I was a taller man, would you have felt that smoking was as important?  Yeah?  If we're downtown, and we're hanging around with one of my friends like, say, Howard, you'll be more inclined to point out a good-looking woman, or something like that, in a way that you probably wouldn't do with me as much.  There was one time I remember, where we were walking through, I think it was a parking lot. And I was, maybe, about 18, 19. And we were passing by this other young woman. And you turned to me. And you noticed that that woman looked at me, and you said, "You see that woman over there? I could tell that you could make her." And then you said, "You see, I could tell these things. You can't tell these kind of things because you're more into books."  And so you thought maybe I would miss something like that? And so how would you characterize that difference between me and you?  Mm-hmm. So do you think there's a certain kind of stoicism, that that's necessary? When you think of me, do you think of me as possessing a certain quiet manliness? No, I want you to be honest. All right. Talk at the volume you're going to be speaking in. Why don't we start off by giving me a real listen pal. Give me a listen pal along with imagining that someone just cut in front of you in line.  All right. Now you have to get a little bit more aggressive because he's not listening to you.  And that's the last thing he wants to do.