What age do you think when you say little kids? What age is OK to know those words? Do you think there are any kids today who haven't heard these words? What did it feel like to use those words for the first time? I have been known to cuss. Why wouldn't you want them to hear it? So it kind of comes down to being polite? Going real well. Do you believe it? Have you been happy with the way things are going in the country? And so it's really split, because it's kind of like one guy-- Aren't you sitting there feeling like, oh, this person must know I'm faking it. She must know I'm a mystery shopper. Are you worried about that? What? It wasn't just literally that you had to touch them, you had to look to see if the size matched the hanger? Did you have a little story for yourself? Like oh, I have OCD or something if they asked you what exactly your problem was? You have? But it is a deception. Why did the police threaten you? Well, how can we come out and see some of it? I know there was a bus just leaving now that we were hoping we might come along on. Did I? Do you have a doctor here or anything? And they'll just tell you to go to the ER when you go into labor? You're in labor. Do you have one? But a felony or misdemeanor? So how were you feeling while you were writing that? Can I ask you why you don't want to stay? Wait, so you saw people wearing your guys' football jerseys just as, like, replacement clothes? Literally all we are looking at are the wooden stilts that held up the house and the foundation, which looks like it was lifted up from the ground. And I mean, there isn't even like stuff around. Like furniture or clothes, or-- where did all the stuff go? So does this feel like a normal couple hours before a game, or does it feel different. What kind of food? You're making me hungry. So you've stayed here this whole time. What's there been to eat for you? So what's an MRE taste like? It's late afternoon now, about an hour before the game. Everybody gathers around Coach Compretta, and he urges them to think about the past month when they get on the field tonight. OK. So like, what's 36? And then what's 37? And what's 28? There's some similarity. Is this the first time you're seeing a lot of folks in a while?