Explain do you know how much was pre-recorded and how much they did live on the spot? So these very passionate, patriotic exhortations to free Guatemala from some outside influence were all recorded in Florida? So it was not recorded in Florida, you're saying? Yeah, what is it? What was actually happening? I heard that, and I thought, what is that? Is it some sort of different military clock? Or they didn't know what they were talking about? I wonder if there was any CIA guy listening who heard them say, "9,300 hours" and just went, oh, no, don't say that. All right. What are they doing here? Now this one is completely different from the other ones. He's almost being a real DJ in a way, where he's coming on and he's being very intimate and saying, "Hi. What's up? How are you? I'm glad." "Don't worry about us." The rest of them are so bombastic, and this one is so-- Yeah. Well, and so intimate. It's just like he's one guy, and he's talking directly to you. OK. So let's play one of these. You just laughed a little bit. What were you laughing about? And you did believe that they were in the jungles? When did your family realize that these broadcasts weren't real? Do you remember these guys' voices? Are they familiar? He's still in Guatemala? He's still-- Wow. How do you feel about that? Which one does he agree with more? And he wrote down MRI, CT scan of the brain. Why do you think more people aren't joining the demonstration? Something can be done other than suicide bombings? The trigger If he was running and Mustafa Barghouti was running against him, who would he vote for? Why? If it was a choice between a Hamas person and Mustafa Barghouti, who would he pick? So they were writing about the SARS virus rather than Abu Mazen? Why weren't they writing about Abu Mazen? You know. You know, Nancy. I keep the newspapers in my house for the history. To say it in 20, 21, 22 [UNINTELLIGIBLE] when all the newspapers in the world, they talk about Abu Mazen, the Palestinian newspaper, they didn't do that. Do you think that watching the coverage of a suicide bombing, do you think it makes Palestinians watching it more sympathetic to Israelis? She brought you a razor? Did you ever learn something new about Israelis that you never knew before? Like what? What words and phrases do you know in Hebrew? Why do they know the word for dumb? When I talked to your kids yesterday, they definitely said that the reason that they wanted to know Hebrew was to know the language of the enemy, and-- Does it worry you that your kids aren't getting to meet Israelis at all, and that for them, it is the language of enemy?  What are you seeing?  Do you speak English? Inglit?  You don't want to talk?  You started driving around the West Bank in--  You just on your own initiative, when you got back? What were you looking for?  Do you do that to kind of needle them? You like to provoke them.  You kind of are trying to convert people, though.  You don't like the competition.  I mean what he says is, look they invited me. And my main audience is Israel, is Israelis. That I'm gathering these numbers, and trying to put them out to Israel. And the Americans just happened to ask me. But my main audience is Israel. You're making a face.  You don't think his main audience is Israel.  Where are we coming up to now?  Your sister lives here?  But in this block of settlements.  And, I mean, what does your sister think of what you do?  Come on!  So what do you mean, she supports it? I mean, it seems like your whole goal is to get her to move out of her house.  So, did your sister talk to you about this before doing it? And say look, I'm going to do this?  So this is two bedrooms, a bathroom, and a sort of living room kitchen area.  This is the kind of trailer your sister lives in. It sounds exhausting.  You don't look exhausted. On the contrary, you seem full of energy and pep.  You feel exhausted?  Because it's not clear who controls--  --what area?  So is there generally tension between you guys and army guys?  Do you have debts that you're trying to pay off?  That's a big chunk of change.  In the military.  $10,000?  How on earth are we saving money with private contractors when you guys are making so much money?  Oh my God. Do you do that with him every day or something?  Reach across the counter and just try to pull each other over? It was a little disturbing to watch.  Jesus Christ, let them be! I love that they hold hands.  The guys walk around arm in arm.  Don't train that out of them.  No, I don't think that that's not right.  What do you think?  And what did he say?  Oh my God. And did you see her without the burka? Did you confirm that he held up his end of the bargain?  And she came in for a week without it?  Is there anything that could happen, that you know now as sort of that's your enough-is-enough mark? Yeah, you personally. Yeah.  You were told that for $50-- These kids are standing and waving and giving you the thumbs up. Does this happen every time you come by?  I saw them come in front of us and stop.  [LAUGHING] Why, why are you laughing? We just got shot at.  You've been shot at?  Are you a drinking man?  Just explain that.  Is this better or worse?  Have any Iraqi workers been hurt?  Right here.  Wow.  Get out. That's amazing. Why do you think that is?  You came to Baghdad to relax and lose weight.  What are you looking for?  Yeah, they are sort of getting in cross-legged position. So what do you take from that?  And what do you do about that?  So how did that inspection go? How do you think that station's doing?  You knew that it was a lie? Right, but that's, I mean, that's soldiers, and that's being in the army. And you're not in the army anymore. You're a civilian in a democracy. Don't you have questions along those lines?  Back in a military mindset.