Did the detectives ever question you, or question anyone you had told? Do you remember what he was saying? Like, what were the things that he was saying that you felt were directed at you? What kind of car were they in? Like she's looking for houses. Were you selling drugs that day? Crowd of people meaning customers. Very soon after that, you get arrested. Just describe what happened that day. I was looking at the court files, reviewing your court file. And I found the statement of probable cause from the police. And I just want to read it to you to see if it sounds familiar. At what moment did you realize you had been charged with this murder that you'd committed 20 years before? You knew it was that, you knew it was Arnette Hubbard. You must think about your own subconscious, the mystery of what made you open your mouth. And have you come to any conclusion? So you regret telling them. Which side is winning?  You got tears in your eyes when you were talking about the founding fathers.  What does the statement say?  I mean, the problem is, is that other people already call it their own. We've built this up in a certain way, because this is the way we like it. And, essentially, who are you to try to undermine that or try to change that? And aren't you going to run into that wherever you go?  Do you feel a little bit homeless?  So what's that seal up there? We're looking at city hall.  So would you sell city hall?  Privatizing the common? But the sign, you didn't finish reading it.  You get something for it. You get a public space where people come together and play chess or eat their lunch. People want to come here.  A company buys it, they're not going to keep it as a public park. You don't make money off a public park. So would we have no-- it would be gated. So would there be any public space? Would there be, in the city of Burlington, would we have any public space, purely public space?  Do you ever imagine yourself having conversations with them?  At the Constitutional Convention or something?  But we do. I mean, like every day you hear people say, well, the majority of Americans agree with the Administration. There shouldn't be-- 60% of-- you know, whatever the number is. You hear it all the time.  Is this an example where the vagueness of those people's answers played out in a way that you couldn't anticipate what's going to happen?  OK. And what was your answer to that?  Dean. OK. Did you, in fact, end up voting for Dean?  So in the poll, though, when they gave you the choice, you decided to pick one. OK. How did you come up with Dean?  He did?  I thought the Kerry who got in trouble in Vietnam was Bob Kerrey.  No, I'm pretty sure it's Bob Kerrey, who is also a Democrat.  No, there's no relation. In fact, Kerry is spelled slightly differently.  Oh, you don't?  No. He is running for President. You weren't?  Did you end up voting in the primary? And for who did you vote?  OK. But it was not for Kucinich? And you? And you Craig? And so you were saying they called this the Switzerland-- Really? And were there people who didn't want them joined? The marble, you mean, part? Can you imagine that kind of campaign happening now, and people going-- Why? No I don't, what is it? So what's an issue where they've done that for you? Did you get bored sometimes? Really? Really, like Kerry actually held your interest and Bush didn't? Do you feel like if you end up going to Iraq, you'd feel safer and sort of in better hands if Kerry were president?  So you said you were the number one sales guy, but isn't Yvonne number one?  Is Yvonne your biggest rival here?  What's the first thing you say to someone when they walk in the door?  Is there any type of person where they walk in and you just go, I know my charm isn't the type of charm that's going to charm this person, and I'm just going to let it go?  Could you sell me a car?  What were the cars he had his eye on at first when you went out there?  What's that?  You're saying I'm like a tinderbox. I could explode.  Are you going to haggle for this a little bit?  To say it's a mistake, it seems to be understating the activity. It's more than a mistake. It's a serious decision to enter into something that's potentially--  He just annoyed you into it?  Did you want him to like you?  You've got a missile on your shoulder-- or he does, I don't know.  He does, OK. And you're looking at airplanes and he's saying, when's the busiest time? And he's talking clearly about shooting down a commercial airplane.  What did you think of this purpose? Did you think that was a good idea?  You're saying that he's a person who facilitates terrorist activity. But actually, he's a person who potentially might have facilitated. I mean, the fact is there actually wasn't a terrorist group, there wasn't a missile, he didn't do this deal. So is the question-- I guess you see him as someone who really would have been approached by a terrorist. I'm not sure where the evidence is for that. How do you make that argument, really? It seems like it's all speculation to say, he might have turned into a bad guy. Which is your house? Behind? Oh my God!  Well, it's just so-- that tree is so perfectly crushing your house. I'm sorry to laugh, but it's so shocking. So it's so crazy, because up here it's like the carpet is clean. It looks like it's just been vacuumed. Here's a bedroom, perfectly fine. Smells nice. Fresh. It's so weird. You would never know. If you were asleep up here, you would never know. So both of you are in here? Was it scary at all? Did she tell you why? Wait. This specific toilet? But they haven't come, so that's good. Not for two weeks? So you can't really even use it now, because it's so stinky. Do you feel like a pioneer? But so they're saying, we're not going to pay anything? But it covered the house. So that's nothing. Are you kidding me? In the storm, you were there? Why? What are you doing right now? Are you from here? And what are you doing here? How exactly does this help? What is it today? Hi. Wait, you're a cardiologist? What? Is like, heart business slow? What are you doing here? Hi. No, no, no, no no, no! FEMA, you cannot run! Who's Boss FEMA? Are you Boss FEMA? He's literally running from me. Are you the umbrella over all of these organizations that are here? I mean, there must be dozens and dozens. So the county is the one-- I mean, I guess what I don't quite understand is there are all these different groups, and who's-- so is it her job to coordinate so things don't get doubled up, like two teams don't go out to cut the same tree, or three teams don't feed the same-- you know what I mean? We as who? We as FEMA? And so you're from EOC of Hancock County, or--? Who are you? Oh. So just explain who you are and what you're doing here. But what is your, like-- when you're not doing this, what do you do? Oh, you're kidding. You don't even work for Emergency Management? Do you have any Emergency Management training? So how did you end up in charge of this? When you say five of us, who do you mean? So no one from the government is in those five? I've seen those FEMA trailers. They're OK. But they do, don't they? They have a toilet in them. This is the fifth week. The start of the fifth week. You were saying you like it here. What do you mean, here? To Pearlington? Are you serious? But it's destroyed. But do you think that now what's happened, I mean, just looking around-- I mean, I wouldn't even know where to start. It seems so tempting to me just to be like, oh, forget it. Even just for a meal? You used to climb it?