She actually drew a line between the two bosses who are sleeping with each other? She drew the line. I'm OK, how are you? Wow, wow. And you've done this-- Twice?  Really?  Do you connect the two things together?  I mean, but it seems more about you though. It seems more about--  You know, you're the one who made these movies. You set yourself up for this whole chain of events here. So then, did you feel better after?  Good, I think we're having a breakthrough here.  So was it a relief?  You might? The $.25 ones or the fancy ones? Are you in love? But you don't know if-- you're not in love? So how many one night stands have you had? How many girls? 34 and 1/2. How many virgins? That was? Why congratulations? Is the goal still ultimately that more and more and more goodness is going to add up, and in the long term, big picture way wipe out the bigger evil? Is that still the goal? Who is it? But Tony Soprano is a sociopath. OK. So what do you do with this if you have a sociopath? But do you think he's going to change? So for a little window of time though you were exactly the kind of celebrity that you wanted to always be? You were gracious and reserved. Are there other car chases that don't make the cut? Oh really? On your own? How many feet behind him were you when you were following him? So the plan you had was to gain composure. Would you call it a plan? Really? Did you have any particular pattern of where you were driving or a particular area that you were circling? Does your car get good gas mileage? Would you call it a fuel-efficient car? Did you have a cell phone in the car with you? Did you use it to call anyone? What was it? Venting. And was that when it really registered that this might be on TV? She'd been watching the chase on TV? So you weren't surprised when the cops showed up. Well, how high is your level of fear from a one to ten?  Dad?  You don't remember. Did it ever feel right, though? You and Mom? I mean, from my perspective, it never seemed right. I mean, it's a different perspective. But from what I've always witnessed-- from a very, very, very young age-- it never seemed like you guys were right for each other ever. I remember lots of times when I was a kid, running into your office and trying to tell you to get a divorce. Do you remember any of that time?  Really? Because it wasn't a mystery to us that you guys had problems, obviously. Yeah, I'll say.  Mom had a lot of outbursts around Whittier. Like, lots of fights and craziness. Remember when she tried to buy the house without telling you? What happened there? What happened when she tried to buy the house without telling you? What was she planning to do with that house? Was she going to tell you that you guys were going to move? And that is not a good sign of a healthy marriage. No. So how did you feel when she did that? No. But you stuck with it. Why? Why?  It's quite a mystery why you fought so hard to keep this marriage together that you guys were never happy in. Like, never. That's not true, Dad. I know. I just don't want you to feel that way.  Yeah. But unhealthy people-- And you're saying that's what happened with you? I'm OK. Are you listening to all this?  Were you surprised when my dad called you up?  Yeah. Normal is good, though, right? No? Do you think when the family started saying stuff like, you know, there was a medical error, he died of a medical error. It was the hospital's fault, stuff like that that the hospital went on the defensive though? Is part of the reason that you think you and your family and other families need to hear an apology so badly is because you're afraid that maybe when they don't say they're sorry that they don't actually feel sorry? And you actually had these conversations with doctors where you would advise them to not say anything? How can you tell? So tell me about the ghost. He's Walter. Have you seen Walter? Yeah? What's that feel like? What happened in room 717? And that was Walter, you think? What would Walter want to do with a picture of you? So why do you think Walter would choose this hotel? Hi, is this the Walter Schroeder Aquatic Center? I have a question to ask you. It might sound a little unusual. Are you aware that the ghost of Walter Schroeder is haunting the Ramada Inn in Fond du Lac, Wisconsin? They do? They do not. They're all like afraid of Walter? Really? Is this the Mason's Lodge in Milwaukee? And you guys have a Walter Schroeder Lounge, right? Did you know that Walter Schroeder's ghost is actually haunting the Ramada Inn in Fond du Lac, Wisconsin? What's the Walter Schroeder Lounge like? Wow. Did Walter play piano? It's Walter? Poor Walter. So how does it make you feel that for a lot of people in Fond du Lac, Walter Schroeder is nothing more than-- he's just a ghost?