This colossal waste of money and attention is a Chicago disgrace! It literally draws millions of idiots. Wonder why this country is so mindless, disconnected and rampant with ear plugged young people crossing city streets as they text, completely clueless that they are participating in a game of Russian Roulette? This atrocity is everything negative and mindless that so many people represent! Lacking in creativity, culture, artistic integrity, state of being unique... It has none of these qualities! Sort of why the media destroys who it chooses to and nearly everyone goes along with it, not questioning the insanity. I am unable to give this mistake a ZERO rating, because it should be removed as an eyesore, just as the horrible space craft that rests atop Soldier Field should be taken away! Chicago is beautiful and so very rich in culture and art and stunning architecture, history and mystery. There is so much that represents this city FAR better than this worthless mistake!It's a BEAN! Made of Steel? Woo Hoo? Wow some people need to see more art!This is the most overrated thing I have ever seen.Had it not experienced such popularity, I wouldn't have given it a second thought.  Within a year of it's installation, the internet became flooded with the ridiculously unoriginal bean self portraits.I had been informed by several who had seen the thing that it was quite amazing in person.  I was meeting someone downtown one day and millennium park was an easy landmark, so while waiting I stepped up to the bean.  There was absolutely nothing about this sculpture that I didn't expect and I was in no way awed.Strictly speaking, it's not a bad sculpture.  It's simply underwhelming and undeserving of the attention that it receives.  It's on caliber with generic sculptures found planted around large office buildings.  The Crown Fountain nearby is much more beautiful, as are sculptures such as the famous Picasso, The Republic (Jackson Park), The Flamingo, or even the famous Bowman and Spearman.  Also try the Agora on Michigan Ave and Roosevelt.The Bean has become a de facto symbol of Chicago. I hate that fact. I don't want my city becoming the Bean City -- at least Beantown is already taken. Given the ridiculous cost of the Bean they could have built something so much better.Chicago is a mature city with magnificent  architecture. The Bean just doesn't fit Chicago. It's a spectacle for spectacle's sake. It's a tourist attraction (for about the 2 minutes that it's interesting) that only stands out because it seems so out of place. I know that it's name is "Cloud Gate" but how could they have viewed it as anything more than a giant legume. Not to mention the Bean is regularly vandalized, although I'll give the city credit for quickly repairing the vandalism. The Bean is about as interesting as one of those wacky mirrors at Fun Houses or Carnivals. I actually recommend Millennium Park for those visiting, but don't expect much from the "Bean."Sure, art is cool, but I never saw the point of this. Don't stand under it if you have a hangover because it will make you dizzy. I've seen it more than a few times. When I had an out of town guest, we only stopped here because he wanted to see it. He had never even seen a picture of it, but all his friends told him "When you're in Chicago, GO SEE THE BEAN!"I do like shiny things, but maybe I'm missing the point. It never would have crossed my mind to take him specifically to see it if he hadn't asked "What's the bean?!" He took a few pictures, but didn't seem particularly amazed by it. Picasso I get. The Bean, not so much. Before reading about how much other people seem to like this thing, I figured people were only going to see it because someone told them "YOU HAVE TO SEE THE BEAN!"It's big. It's shiny. It's there. And really, that's about it.ugh....I remember the first time I saw this thing while on leave. What. The. F...If you want to see some amazing structures in Chicago, go on the Frank Lloyd Wright Tour or the Chicago Architectural tour.  If you're cheap, the Buckingham fountain is way more interesting to look at than this bean!I don't understand why people like this thing...~Reflections on The Gateway and The Cloud Gate~Part I - The GatewayBack in college, when I was innocent and young, I was a pretty good boy by most measures, especially relative to some of those around me.  The only real exceptions were my second semester, which was filled with things that sounded and tasted so good late at night: Pink Floyd, Led Zeppelin, Genesis, Busch and La Roma's; and the one other night about a year later, when I decided to take one step past the gateway and eat some filthy veggies.  Three, two, one, ignition...Blast off.  Zeek.  Try to handle the pretty little sorority girls coming over to drink your beer when you're a rocket ship with your eyes popping out of your skull and fire coming out of your ears.  It's not possible.  So off I went into nature to slowly cascade down safely to earth in one piece and make a soft landing.  Never again henceforth would I ever go anywhere near the gateway itself, much less across the gateway.  The distorted reality just wasn't for me.  Part II - ReflectionsI'm not the most vain person in the world - that title likely goes to a certain cupcake - but I certainly don't mind availing myself of any mirrors, windows, steel or other reflective material if I happen upon them to discreetly make sure things are still somewhere within the bounds of presentable and perfect.  I do have to say that I prefer just regular, non-distorted reflective material and mirrors, with the lone exception being those cheater mirrors: the long, tall, angled mirrors that make everyone look svelte and cut.  I can dig ten seconds of distorted reality for the sake of vanity.Part III - The Cloud GateWhoa.  Dude.  What the hell?  Why are all the buildings distorted, man?  What are all of these people doing?  Why are they taking pictures?  It's so weird!  Zeek.  I have to get out of here.  And then I turned around to the west to look at the buildings on Michigan Avenue and was instantly back in reality.Whoa.  I thought I was having a...No, dude, it was only The Cloud Gate - The Bean, man.  Whew.  Cool.  I feel fine.  I'm so glad.Distorted reality outside of cheater mirrors isn't for me.  The only other distortion I like comes through a set of speakers.  I'll stay firmly ensconced in plain reality, thanks much.  Two stars.  It's for the tourists.Awesome piece of art! I've been waiting to see this for a long time. However, they need larger SIGNS THAT READ NO PETS if they are so concerned with it. I was told four times to please leave as I was headed out.  I have no problem not bringing my pup, but please make it more apparent if it such a big deal. Two stars go to this because the security guards took their job too seriously and were definitely having some sort of power trip. I would visit again but just not with my pup Henri!I've been to the Cloud Gate, also known as the Bean. If you're visiting Chicago, this is a must see. The bad thing is, the Bean will get boring right away. So, don't dedicate a whole day to this. I would say at most 45-60 minutes is good.I visited the cloud thing for the first time today,I passed in and out of the crowds who tried to get in my way.My out-of-town guests were much in awe of this thing,It attracts a lot of people because it's shiny, big, with no amount of bling.It's a holiday weekend, and the crowds really got to me. Thank goodness we left right away; we were getting hungry!The "bean" is fine and dandy, but it's here just for show,When you get whacked by a stranger's camera, you know it's time to go.Amongst the nightlife, shopping, and Michigan Avenue...one of my favorite cities in the world is windy city Chicago. With that being said, no trip is complete to Chicago without a visit to the cloud gate a.k.a the BEAN.  While there you will notice it closely resembles scrumptious Jelly Belly candies except in a larger than life attitude in a shiny metallic tint.Sure it just sits there and reflects the skyline, you take your pictures, and then say "now what?" BUT every city has got its unique features and while Chicago has got plenty...this is definitely one of them. So take out your cameras, don't be shy, and love the bean because Gosh damn, that darn oddly shaped thing loves you back!I am giving the Bean a few extra stars, but only because caroling this past Friday night was so lovely and would get 5 stars on its own merits.  This is the only legitimate reason I've found to stand by the big dumb Bean.  Caribou gave out free cider, and some nice people running the show handed out candles.  All in all, a Christmassy good time!Did the touristy thing today and visited "The Bean". Did the reflection picture thing and all that fun stuff.  The 3 year old had just fallen asleep, so that could have made it a little better, but honestly....it's a big shaped mirror.  It was a smudgy mess too.  I was also really thirsty and the little stand selling 20 oz. sodas for $3.50!!!! Really... $2 okay...over $3...geez!!!!Located in Chicago's Millennium Park, the Cloud Gate is an impressive piece of public art, possibly one of the most famous in the country.Not sure why, though.Something in our nature just draws us to big, shiny things.  And this is one of them.  That's all it is; just a big, shiny lump of a cloud, or bean, or whatever.  It doesn't do anything; it just sits there.  But for some reason, you just have to take your picture with it.But hey, at least it's FREE!!UPDATE:According to Mike G, I "miss the point of art" .. so let's passive-aggressively retry this review:Chicago's impressive Cloud Gate is a whimsical, inspirational gem for Chicago's residents and tourists alike.  It is an oasis of splendor in a sea of concrete, injected straight into the heart of our ho-hum daily lives.  The curvatures of "the bean" are just like the curves of life; it never stops, but continues on in an endless loop, sometimes gradual, sometimes less so. The reflections from Cloud Gate are a window into our very own souls.  Who says that life has to be linear or in-proportion?  One look into the endless sea of reflectivity within the gate and you must question why life has to follow some standard path that society has deemed "normal."The Cloud Gate even reflects the ambiance combined with our own moods.  It is a cold, steel beast on a gray, cloudy day.  It is an explosion of color when filled with visitors from all walks of life.  It is a harsh reflection out of blackness at night. But personally, I think the Cloud Gate should be taken as an inspirational notion, a place that allows one to reach for the sky and touch the clouds -- and when we do, we are greeted by our own reflection.  Cloud Gate is, quite simply, the physical embodiment of life's aspirational metaphors!Or just in case that isn't satisfactory, my review will suddenly wax poetic (the first in my own style, the second dedicated to Mike G):Chicago's touristsAlways taking pics of thisShiny shiny beanThe Cloud Gate has comeTo inspire the peopleReflecting one soulProbably more amusing to look at the tourists fascinated with snapping pics of this huge silver bean than it is to actually look at, but that's part of the fun! Make sure to get on the side facing the skyscrapers. Could probably use some windex-ing soon. haha!The 'Bean' is really just one of those obligatory attractions.  Giving it 3-stars because, well, it's sort of boring. Sure, it can be nice to take a stroll over to the park with a coffee and watch the ice skaters (if it's winter) but unless you like to people watch selfies, there's not much interaction. I've seen pictures where they do set up events or interactive light shows - so that could be cool. But on a regular old day, it's neat, but not somewhere you'll spend more than 5 minutes.I lived in Chicago two years before I ever went to the Bean and I literally worked three blocks away from it. It's exactly what it advertises, a giant reflective bean. It's fun to take pictures in front of, under, around, or whatever you can think of. During the summer they have food for sale and other stuff like that. Overall it's exactly what you think it is, a tourist trap, but hell some days it's fun to be a tourist.Located at Millenium park, this huge sculpture is hard to miss. That and the crowd of admiring and intrigued tourists surrounding it. Just be careful of pan handlers. The reflection of the high rises are interesting.Big mirror bean structure in the middle of the park. Definite tourist attraction, and impossible to enjoy without a crowd of others around you. Good luck taking your picture in its reflection without a stranger also in it. But, still a bucket list item I'm happy to check off.We visited millennium park during the winter blast of storms dropping several inches of snow and negative degree temps compared to most.  I have always seen pics of this land mark yet really don't understand the hype. Yes, it was fun to see for about 3 minutes but that's about it.  Great to walk through the parka and if you come across it stop bye.  Otherwise, don't spend the time and effort to go out of your way to stop by here.So while planning our Windy City visit, we made the standard list of places to go...you know, all the major touristy locations, i.e. The Willis Tower, The Art Institute of Chicago, Navy Pier, various pizzerias, etc. One thing we hadn't even given any thought to was "The Bean", which at least two or three separate people told my wife was a 'must-see' attraction. "You got to see the Bean, it's so cool, it'll be the best thing you see in the city, etc". You get the idea. I guess it was pretty cool but maybe these people talking to the missus (as well as the online reviews I read) sort of blew the thing up a bit too much for us. I mean it is a pretty sweet sculpture and I'm glad I got a chance to see it but we both felt a bit underwhelmed. We looked at it from all the possible angles, it was a bright, sunny day, the crowds weren't crazy and still...I just don't know. Perhaps we were both missing something. It's not the view from the top of the Hancock Building or van Gogh's "Self Portrait" in the Art Institute. It's just sorta cool and something I'm glad I saw and took a few pictures of but was pretty much done with after five or ten minutes. It's just steps away from the amazing Art Institute so I'm sure I'll see it again but would I make another special trip just to look at it? Meh. Maybe it was the hype and maybe we're just creatively bankrupt cynics but I'd have to probably say "no". Sorry, Bean! You're cool just not THAT cool.Certainly a tourist stop and a must see in Chicago. Plan to stay for 5 minutes to snap a few customary photos. That's it. It's a sculpture of a giant bean in a park. A short walk through the park will let you see other interesting prices of art. A little further and you can play in some fountains.I'll keep it short and sweet! Anyone who is from or been to Chicago should know about The Bean aka Cloud Gate, it's a sculpture of art and reflects anything within its way. It's a huge tourist attraction and encourages selfies and goofy shots, you have to wonder who Windex's it at night as everyone can't help but touch it. For me, as beautiful as a sight it is for me, I only take in the view for about 5 maybe 10 minutes and I'm done! It doesn't move me or bring nostalgic thoughts, I just think that it looks cool. Overall, if you haven't seen this masterpiece and your in Chicago, you should as it appears to be a requirement!It was cool & I'm glad I went but think it was to hyped up. We spent about 15 mins there and it was more than enough. I enjoyed walking through the parks much more than I did checking out this art structure.Cool beans, literally. Maybe not cool, since the day was already warm and the steel reflected the heat all around us.I feel like this piece of art is mostly popular because it's just one of those things people say you have to see when you're visiting Chicago. I don't get it! I feel like I'm missing something. I am more into Renaissance art and Victorian architecture, so there wasn't much of a reaction from me when we visited Cloud Gate. Lots of tourists taking photos and selfies. If you're already in the area and want to see the park anyway, you will probably walk by it, but I wouldn't make a trip out of going to see this shiny bean. Boring to me, but it might be the most incredible thing you've ever seen! Who knows.So. Many. People.Good to check this off the list, but it seems a bit of an overrated tourist attraction.I couldn't truly appreciate it for its art because of all the people.I lurve Chicago's public art. I wish I lived in a city that could generate, much less spend, funds for such cool pieces of local color.  In a grand American city with so much great, existing public art, I'd put Cloud Gate into the top 5, easily.The 'Bean' is absolutely worthy to carry on Chicago's grand tradition.  On any day, it's a singular experience to walk by (and particularly, through). You've seen a lot of pictures of it, and might have thought, "overrated" or "waste of money," but there is not one picture that does justice to how it looks when you're actually there.I wish there was more to do right nearby, but the park's still underdeveloped.I love this thing. My first question is, why? My very next thought is, "who cares?! It's fantastic." How could you not enjoy a huge, shiny bean that creates some of the greatest photographic opportunities in the city? I mean, check out that skyline!Sadly, though, the last time I visited, the bean was all smudgy and not up to par. The polisher must have had the day off.The bean is a Chicago must-see.Don't stand underneath it and spin around.  It is like the worst hangover and trip you have ever been on combined.Other than that I say it is a nice must-see touristy spot.  Who doesn't love pictures of themselves.  Better yet, who doesn't love pictures of themselves and a reflection?Now I can kiss myself without looking weird, er I mean...I do love the sites of the bean.  Where else can you see a flock of nuns to the left, group of angry looking male Asians on the right and an African tribe in the middle with a lot of white people as the sprinkles of the multicultural sundae.Edit for Tina:  I flicked the bean in public.Beautiful."The Bean" is huge, and shiny, and - OH MY GOSH I CAN SEE YOU (it's reflective)There's always at least a few folks around this landmark of public art, even during the sweltering heat. It helps that it's right in Millennium Park where there's plenty to do anyways.Da Bean.I drug my friend and boyfriend over here. I was on a quest to see this great Chicago Bean. It was swamped with tourists even at 8pm... sheesh! Still, it's fascinating how this one sculpture draws so many people into one place. It's a big metal bean... oh wait, am I being sucked in? Yup, there's photo number 100 of the thing on the camera...In all honesty, it was gorgeous at night. The lights and sky reflected back on the one side and the boy was able to get some great shots. Definitely a Chicago icon... whether natives to Chicago like it or not. :)Quite possibly the best permanent public art installation in the United States. It's a piece of art that everyone can appreciate because it's visually appealing and just plain fun. Sure, it's touristy and always crowded, but that makes the reflections even more entertaining. Word to the wise: Don't go at night - security will kick you out. Unless, of course, you sneak in and dance around the Bean a few times before making an all-out sprint back to the street. Then it's definitely worth it.BEANS!!!  BEAAAAAANS!!!!It kinda is like a zombie movie if you stand near the cloud gate and watch people slowly wobbling towards you, arms outstretched, snapping photos and wishing the could devour the bean, and slowly digest it on their flight back home.  But leave room for pizza.When I moved to Chicago six years ago, there was a great swirling controversy over the inflated cost of "the bean."  Everyone was talking about "the bean" and what "the bean" was doing to the Chicago taxpayers and how "the bean" wasn't even going to be completed on time and how the city didn't even need "the bean."  It made me so curious about "the bean" that I just had to go see it!First of all, I haaaaate when people call it "the bean."  Yes, it's shaped like a giant bean, but it's called Cloud Gate for a reason.  You can see the city reflected in it's shiny seamless curves and on a bright sunny day it can be quite breathtaking.  Also, you all KNOW that you took the obligatory picture of your reflection at one point.It is fun to see the tourist flock to Cloud Gate and swarm underneath it.  It always reminds me of the little martian toys from Toy Story when they are in awe of something and simultaneously sigh "oooooooooh..."More magic beans please. Mr. K did not want to leave. We stumbled upon this sculpture as we were walking through Millennium Park after an amazing morning at the Art Institute of Chicago. It is hard to miss.Like a blob of shiny mercury, it mesmerizes you and draws you in. First you get close and enjoy the fun house mirror effect with the city's dramatic skyline reflected behind you. Then walk underneath and feel enclosed and exposed all at the same time. Call it whatever you want. The Cloud Gate, The Bean. Very cool art in a very cool city.This is a great spot to take tourists if you're introducing them to the City of Chicago. The views are excellent, Millennium Park is gorgeous, and the Bean itself is really cool. Plus, let's face it, there are so many wonderful photo opps associated with the Bean. It gets a little dirty and crowded sometimes (true of any tourist attraction), but it has truly become a Chicago landmark and done wonders (along with the rest of the attractions at Millennium Park) to enhance quality of life in and public perception of Chicago.My friend John took my wife and I here on the night of 9/25 (he lives about 15 miles away, but only knows Cloud Gate as "The Bean"). We took a number of pictures, but they didn't turn out well.You can tell from the pictures that have been posted that Cloud Gate looks like a giant silver kidney bean. It was created by British artist Anish Kapoor. The sculpture is in Millennium Park (the park went hundreds of millions of dollars over budget, and actually opened in 2004- it's large and beautiful, though, and boasts an ice rink and a theater), and was Kapoor's first public commission in the U.S. (my thanks to Elizabeth Canning Blackwell, the author of Frommer's Chicago 2010). It weighs 110 tons, and is 66 feet long and 33 feet high (I'm suddenly thinking about "James and the Giant Peach"). John didn't enunciate the n well, and so I thought that he was saying "The Beam" (he said this a few times). When I finally asked him about it ("Why do they call it that?"), he gave me a look ("Why do they call it 'The Bean'? ... Because it looks like a bean"). Ah, bean (I could tell right away that I was looking at a "bean," but wanted to make sure- "Beam" made me think of laser beams and "Star Wars").Cloud Gate has brought a lot of attention to Millennium Park and to Chicago in general. I'm not surprised, as it's a very interesting and stunning sculpture. It's also cool. The material is much better (Cloud Gate is "made up of over 100 highly-reflective stainless steel panels, each in a different unique shape"), but you might be reminded of the mirrors in a funhouse as you walk around and under it (this is especially the case in terms of the latter). I'm all for any "mirror" that makes me look thinner (I need all the help I can get, and I'm not afraid to say so- perhaps I should ask for a girdle for Christmas).As another reviewer has mentioned, being underneath the sculpture makes you feel "enclosed and exposed all at the same time" (the area in the middle is high and spacious, and the sides are nice and cozy- it's easy to feel like you're in a small cave, at least at night). There were at least 10 other people around (of course, Cloud Gate draws more attention during the day), and they had fun checking out the sculpture too. It's pretty amazing (the magic lies in the design of "The Bean," and exploring it may make you feel like a kid).If you're ever in Chicago, check out Cloud Gate. You'll probably become a fan too.Such a spectacular way to take a photo with so much of the Chi-town skyline in the background.  Lovely to walk around and through.  My daughter adores the distortions and posing to look as if she's eating or holding all of Chicago.Weird looking but cool to look at. Go up close and it looks like you're ina 90's rap videoIt's huge. It's shiny. It has this mystical hold on tourists, attracting them like moths to the flame, compelling them to stand underneath and gawk at themselves. What does it do? What is its purpose? Why does such a thing exist? No one knows. But I can tell you one thing. If the world ended tomorrow, three entities would survive:1. Cockroaches2. Cher3. The BeanThis bean thing is so unique, and amazing to look at, like a flying saucer, and the kids love it.  I think it brings a lot of tourist here to Chicago, and they love it too.  More tourist, more revenue for the city. ;-)When: February 6Why: Walking in a Winter WonderlandTourist attraction? Yes. Still a fun place to visit when in Chicago? Yes.When I first saw it, I was a little on the happy side of drinking. My first thought was, "Oh, my gosh Elsa Peretti has designed a bean for the Jolly Green Giant." Seriously, I thought it was a work of Elsa, not the true artist Anish Kapoor. I don't know which one copied the other, but in my eyes one of them is a copy cat. Either way, if you are in Chicago go check the "Bean" out and do some fun people watching. Sometimes you just need to do the tourist thing and this one I guarantee will amaze you.Great summer destination for the family, kids enjoy seeing it and the fountains.Snuggled in one of Chicago's lovely parks. it's simple majesty that provides wonderful photography and in rainy weather, cover yourself while you enjoy it's reflection (of yourself).reminds me of the elsa peretti tiffany bean...A must see during your trip to Chicago.  Be sure to visit early in the morning when the light is low in the east.We walked to see the bean while in Chicago for a long weekend and I thought it was cool. It's not like you're going to spend ALL DAY looking at it or anything, but if you're near the bean, you should swing by and check out the skyline from around/under it. The only annoying this is there were lots of tourists there wandering around trying to take pictures but of course that's what I was doing, too, so I try not to judge.I've never reviewed a piece of art before, but I just can't stop looking at it.  Every angle and reflection is like a fun house.  In a beautiful, good way.  Must look away.ArtThat is Both for playAnd display. JustA shame it didn't end up in Boston.niceIt's pretty and it fun to take goofy pictures around this thing.  Don't expect to spend more than 20 minutes here, cause it gets boring after a while.  Cute (but over-done, i'm sure) for engagement pics if you live in Chicago.minus one star for all the finger prints all over the thing... ewwww.After hours of walking in circle in the rain. I finally found it.  Hooooray!  Its a GIANT version of the Peretti Bean from Tiffany & Co. LOLTotally touristy but you gotta see The Bean!!A photo-bombers paradise.For those of you who seek creativity, show up with some elaborate posters and signs and try to encroach on strangers' pictures.They'll never suspect a thing.This bean is awesome but it could be shinier.The bean sculpture at Millennium Park is definitely a must see! From a distance, it looked like a gigantic drop of mercury from Aliens in outer space that settled and formed into a bean like shape when it hit the ground. Obviously ones imagination can run wild at first sight.Like all the other tourists present, we took pictures in front of, next to, and underneath this spectacle. The view from the bottom inside was something else - go figure..."The Bean" you're a total trip!...I've seen it.  It's cool in a huge-outdoor-art-installation-that-attracts-gawkers kind of way.  It brings character to the city.  It's a great backdrop for a photo.Cloud Gate, better known as The Bean, has become one of the most famous Chicago landmarks (behind the SEARS Tower, of course). It's nestled in the middle of Millennium Park, which is an amazing landmark in itself. It almost always has a crowd gathered around it (and under it) staring up at their reflections. I think it attracts people because of how unique it is (how often do you see an enormous reflective kidney bean in the middle of the park?). It's kind of a one trick pony, but it's a very slick one trick pony. Must see destination if you're in Chicago.Get there early for less crowds. On a nice day you can get some really great pictures with a part of the Michigan Ave reflecting on it. This was probably my favorite "touristy" thing to in Chicago. Yes, even more so then Sears/Willis Tower.I finally got to see the famous bean! It was so crowded and everyone was trying to take a picture of their reflection on the bean. But I find the best spot to take a picture is right below the bean in the center. You can see it swirl!I love this place. If you're in Chicago, you really need to see this place because it really takes your breath away. It's very easy to find once you arrive in Millennium Park. I really wanted to come here after seeing that scene from the Vow where they run out of the Art Institute to the Bean and then kiss under it. I was really glad that the two places were really near each other. It's really cool to take pictures of your reflection and of the skyline when you're standing in front of the bean, but it's pretty awesome when you're standing inside of it too.Express was holding a fashion show at the Bean when I went to visit, which was pretty cool. The only thing that irked me a bit was that there were SO many kids when I went for some reason. I don't know if it was because of the time of day or if it was because school was out or something, but it was hard to get good shots ):We came to Millennium Park to see The Bean.  It is very cool to see in person.  Make sure you see it from every angle (and underneath).The park outside of The Bean is also very pretty, lots of cool architecture and lovely gardens.So if I took a carnival mirror and extended it to a bean shape you would get the The Cloud Gate!No but seriously, the thing is pretty cool.  It's located in Millennium Park and you'll see it surrounded by a bunch of tourists that look like they want to mug the thing.One of the most iconic landmarks of Chicago. It's worth stopping by and spending a few minutes on your visit. It would probably be better to visit on a weekday or very early morning. I went there in the late morning on a weekend and boy was it crowded. Couldn't get a shot without people in the background and everyone was leaving their dirty handprints all over it. The bean does allow for some great photo opportunities! You will definitely have fun with that.Get here in the early morning or late afternoon - the pretty colors in the sky will make your pics more beautiful :) It does get crowded from 10 am onwards though.If you stand underneath crooked middle section of the Bean, you can get a picture of your reflection taking a picture of yourself and reflected in the reflection, a picture of your reflection taking a picture of your reflection taking a picture of yourself.... heheheI feel like this is a must visit when you are in downtown Chicago.  Especially for photographers who like to take funky and artistic photos.  Cloud Gate, a public sculpture by Indian-born British artist Anish Kapoor, is the centerpiece of the AT&T Plaza in Millennium Park within the Loop community area of Chicago, Illinois, United States. The sculpture and AT&T Plaza are located on top of Park Grill, between the Chase Promenade and McCormick Tribune Plaza & Ice Rink. Constructed between 2004 and 2006, the sculpture is nicknamed "The Bean" because of its bean-like shape. Made up of 168 stainless steel plates welded together, its highly polished exterior has no visible seams.I was amazed with this work of art.It's one of those "Chicago Things To Do".  The park is very pretty and the bean was pretty awesome.  The view from here is really awesome.amazing design...it met my expectation in personVisited on a beautiful June day so naturally the place was packed, but it is so huge that it's easy to still take it all in.  I was very amused by it and enjoyed my visit to the giant, shiny bean!It was a bean!  And yes, it's just a bean.  We came here when it was cold and the sun was setting but it was still fun.  We took pictures with the bean, had pictures taken of us with the bean, walked under the bean, pretend that we could lift the bean.  Looked at ourselves distorted in the bean, it was fun!Yep. The statue that looks like a bean, or a glob of mercury.Wow, did a space alien leave this here? Just kidding, The "bean" is quite an attraction in Chicago. Just it sheer size and the enviable thought of how did they create this sculpture start to linger in your head. No matter the weather this place can always project in your head as a beautiful architecture and wish you could have spent just a little bit more time admiring it.So simple yet so cool. It's a fun 15 minute trip for the obligatory tourist picture! Who would've thunk that a big silver bean could be such an attraction?When in Chicago there are a number of places you could take in - but only one place you have to take in.  When you get back, everyone you know who has stepped foot in that city, if only for a moment, will ask you if you saw the bean.No one knows it's called Cloud gate - only that it's a giant mirrored object that looks like a bean.If for no reason other than that, you must see it.And then, once you're there take pictures of it.  You can take pictures where you're holding the camera out of frame, shooting you and all your friends, you can take pictures underneath it, if you manage to get there before it's crowded.You can just take pictures of the blue sky reflected off of its surface.And then, once you've taken those pictures you can upload them straight to instagram using the public parks free wifi access in the area.I made a classmate of mine go with me to go see the Bean. I had to say I was amazed. I took a ton of pictures while I was there. Be aware, there will be a ton of people at the park. Make sure to visit the library which was a few blocks away!The famous Bean! So nice, so many pictures to take, super crowded, and alot of friendly people. The park itself is pretty nice. They also have the famous fountain that you can check out. Other then that not much to see. I do love The Bean.IT'S A GIANY JELLY BEAN!!! Really though, it is awesome. I didn't think much of it until I actually experienced it. Of course it's going to be filled with tourist, but the journey is fun to get there. It's a must visit at least once type of thing.I mean, it's a bean.  A really shiny bean.  But now, it's a Chicago institution!  And I made funny faces and took pictures, just like I was supposed to do.  Also, it's next to a park that was having a cool international music festival right next door the day that I was there.If only there was less people and i had the bean all to myself. Its a must see if youre a tourist in Chicago. I had such a wonderful time there. The Chicago skyline is reflected on the bean and you can have a picture of the bean, yourself, and the lovely view! Not only that the park was so quaint with its benches and autumn leave trees. Ps. bring windex if you want a clear view of yourself. cause there is quite a number of handprints on the bean.:)I know a lot of people think "the bean" is stupid- but I enjoy it. The attraction is free, and it is fun for visitors to take photos with the mirrored images. I personally don't need to go back- but it is a frequent request when we have out of town visitors. I recently went at night for the first time and it was much less crowded and still a lot of fun. If you are a first timer to Chicago- check it out for sure. If you come during the winter months you can ice skate right near the bean as well for an added adventure.Its big and pretty. This modern reflective sculpture appeals to the artist in me with its ever distorting views of reality to be likewise interpreted by my ever twisted perception of everything...Wish I had one in my living room!;DWe had one nice day in Chicago this year and everyone was hanging out at the "Bean." There was even an engagement (not sure why anyone would want to get engaged here). They have really long tables that stretch the length of the bean now, which is pretty awesome and where I plan to do lots of studying as soon as Chicago truly warms up, if ever. If you're bored, you should totally come people watch.Cloud gate aka the bean NEVER gets old. A tourist mainstay, it's just neat fun. I've lost count of how many times we've been.Finally got a chance to go by the bean and check out what all the hype is about. It is a really cool experience on a sunny day and the thing that really got me about the bean is that as you are walking towards it your depth perception is thrown out of whack from the finish and reflection and you can't tell how far away it is from you. It makes for a real trippy experience. When we went the park was really crowded since it was a sunny sunday so getting a clear picture was near impossible but we were still able to meander close enough to walk underneath the bean and take it all in.I love chicago The bean is always clean if you a tourist you have come to millenium park & took a picks here  enjoy  :)No trip is complete without a quick stop to the Bean. It's a must for a photo album for your trip. It's really cool.While here in Millennium Park, I was also able to have my first Chicago style hot dog. Have fun "dragging it through the garden" and enjoying it outdoors!This is actually really cool close up and it's fun to take the typical tourist photos of your reflection in the side, with the Chicago skyline in the background. The park itself is well taken care of and the location is perfect. Don't pass it up when in the city!Who would have thought that a metallic bean shaped sculpture could fascinate the masses and become one of Chicago's top attractions? Yet, the metallic surfaces that fuse together to distort your view of things does just that and enthralls you as you look at the skyline and the sky in another way. Some might call it an engineering marvel, and while I'm sure it is, I just enjoyed the ability to take a selfie in a new way. It even can make you look skinny....or fat, depending on where you go and take your photo. It is definitely something to see when you visit Chicago. It is one of those landmarks that are worth the journey. It adds culture and sets the city a part from the rest. It makes you think, and it makes chuckle. When you add it all up, it's definitely worth the trek to enjoy a bit of culture and a piece of Chicago.Yes, it's a tourist trap. Yes, it's going to be busy. But it's so amazing to see! You get a great view of the city reflected back at you, and you get to take a requisite Bean selfie. Don't forget to go underneath and try to find yourself in the fun spirals the middle of the Bean makes!Good place to visit while in Chicago!Cloud gate which is also referred to as "the Bean" is a reflective piece of art that is so large that if you can walk underneath.  It is located on the west side of Millennium park on the east side of Michigan Ave between the Art Institute and Randolph St.  There is usually a crowd of people gathered around this landmark because it is so unique and definitely a photo opportunity.  This thing is so shiny it's like a giant blob of curved mirror.  It's something to stop and see if you happen to be nearby and it's makes for some great photos too.Be creative, take a selfie in the reflection!A staple that draws tourists and locals alike. Very crowded, but it's unique and fun to take pictures of the reflections that bounce off of it!What a neat thing! Of course we took the obligatory selfie and walked under it. It's a must-see in Chicago.Being a tourist visiting Chicago, I ended up visiting The Cloud Gate the "Bean".Photos Photos and more photos..I ended up taking a Selfie too. Part of the Millennium Park. Just go if you are visiting Chicago the first time!Everyone who has ever stepped foot in Chicago has "THE BEAN" on their to-do list. The park it's in, Millennium Park, is already pretty neat in itself. Very clean and great to relax in. Anyways, back to The Bean (wtf is Cloud Gate). This is the one place where selfies are totally acceptable. With a blue sky, a few clouds, and tall buildings surrounding it, the reflections are pretty awesome. I went in the spring, and it was gorgeous. I heard it's even more beautiful in the winter when The Bean has a layer of snow on it.SPILL the BEANS:  This sculpture, officially known as the Cloud Gate, but affectionately known as "the Bean" is located in Millennium Park.  FULL OF BEANS:  On the day I visited, it was overcast and slightly rainy, yet people were still out in full force admiring the shiny exterior and posing for pictures with the bean set as a backdrop.  I think most, including myself, enjoyed taking pictures of their reflections or posing or selfies.  In any case, I would recommend a visit to the bean for any first-time visitor to the Windy City.DON'T KNOW BEANS:  As this point in time, I'm not exactly sure what the draw or allure is of "the bean".  Well, one thing is for sure:  it's fun to look at your reflection!A staple for anyone visiting Chicago... it is just "a big mirrored bean" - BUT fun to take photos in and then wander around Millenium & Grant park.I don't even see a cloud when I look at this thing.. all I see is a gigantic metallic bean!  But wait.. there are clouds in the reflection.. maybe that's what it is supposed to mean?  Ah, life's mysteries...  In any case, you really can't go wrong when visiting the Cloud Gate, and you would be foolish not to if you're a tourist.  Apart from the obvious gigantic art fixture siting in Millennium Park, there's isn't much that makes this thing memorable.  Is it awesome?  Of course.  Does it blow my mind?  Not so much.  Still, it's free and is a great work of art.  Definitely go see it if you're visiting Chicago.One of the iconic structures in Chicago's Millennium Park. Awesome for a photo op, both day and night. It can get super crowded with both tourists and locals during normal hours, so for solo pictures without the people background, come during off-hours or when it's raining. I particularly like the reflective shot at night facing the skyscrapers on the north side of the bean. Don't miss this place during your stroll through Millennium Park.Located at the Millennium Park is Chicago's iconic cloud gate also known as the bean! On a nice sunny and clear day, the bean looks so nice.  Have fun with it, take silly pictures, take selfies, have your way with it.  If you are looking to avoid tourists, go either really early or during the late hours.   During the summer months, there is an open cafe that is nice to people watch.  During the winter they have an ice skating rink open to the public.  Try visiting here during the day and at night. two different experiences, both really nice!Parking is on the street, you can park a couple of blocks away and just pay the meter.It's funny to have a landmark referred to as "the bean" but it is a great place to visit, in a beautiful park. I would go again, just not during the cold months. The wind in Chicago can be brutal if you aren't used to it.I love this place. Probably the most touristy thing to do in Chicago but I love how the city reflects on the bean, especially at night. In the winter, there's an ice skating rink right in front as well. We tried going at 2am (thought we could get a picture with nobody else around) but they had security guards nearby saying the park was closed. Strange since it's an open park and we were walking around plenty but the bean area was "closed"Look ma, it is the beautiful bean! I love Chicago, always have and always will. My family and I come here often and when we do, we always visit the beautiful stainless steel cloud gate located within Millennium Park. The only problem about this place is that it is always so busy, too many people and almost impossible to take a selfie alone, who wants a picture with thousands of strangers? I guess it is about time that I purchase a selfie stick! haha...While visiting the "Bean" make sure to check out the rest of Millennium Park and see the Crown Fountain, Nichols bridgeway, Lurie garden, Great lawn, Millennium monument and the Jay pritzker pavilion.[Review #253] (Twelfth Review of 2015)"THE CLOUD" IS SO MANY DIFFERENT THINGS...I have been to "The Cloud Gate" over 75 times with friends and family from out-of-town, but I also go here even when I do not have to take anyone to see "The Cloud." Yes, this has become a major tourist attraction. I have lived in Chicago most of my life (except for the first 4 years of my life), and personally like this very unique piece of sculpture. When I view "The Cloud" I see weightlessness in this piece and a hermetic lyricism that permeates the Chicago skyline. The artist, Kapoor, created "The Cloud" and it is his first USA piece. Many of his art pieces represent a powerful spiritual and mythological resonance.  When I view "The Cloud" I definitely observe formless manifestations of human beings. Since clouds are indeed water we must understand that water represents a very powerful emotion which can create nature in its beautiful glory or destroy nature causing death and destruction. Thus, creating different emotions. Water remains fluid and never becomes fixed, so in "The Cloud" we notice the continual shift of movement as people surround it and continuously walk by "The Cloud." We can observe that the reflections on "The Cloud" has a continual shift of movement and shape. The powder blue sky up above is always a daily reflection upon "The Cloud." It is as if though I am staring at the Universal possibilities of thought, movement and form. In a positive sense, the clouds in the sky represent an unlimited extent of infinity, faithfulness and life-giving refreshment. I view "The Cloud" as a place of propositional revelation where I can contemplate my life and the presence of time. I sense intelligence, wisdom, knowledge, love, joy, beauty, power, fluidity, happiness, lyricism, and strength emanating from "The Cloud" as it floats above thousands of human beings.To me, when I observe "The Cloud" it represents divinity, pure thought and pure being. It may even illicit emotions of peacefulness and happiness. At times I have felt loneliness and emptiness despite the number of people present. In retrospect, clouds are creations of freedom -- they never become fixed in form. Clouds are constantly transforming and are free to move about in the heavenly sky. "The Cloud" changes daily as the views are never the same from different angles. "The Cloud" reminds me of dreams that make us ponder everything in life that we don't understand. Thus, we are in constant search to understand our dreams...our life or our purpose. We can also interpret "The Cloud" to be a representational view of freedom....an ever-shifting form....an infinite space of timelessness. To see and contemplate "The Cloud" is to introspectively learn about oneself. That is, becoming one with the Earth as we view our own reflection in "The Cloud" and contemplate life in general. Anish Kapoor, an Indian sculptor originally from Bombay, now resides and works in London.  Kapoor has acknowledged a bearing on his art of both Western and Eastern culture. He also uses a lot of natural material in his pieces. I am thankful that Kapoor selected Chicago for "The Cloud." Interestingly, "The Cloud" cost $23 million dollars! Regardless, this is now one of Chicago's must-see icons. "The Cloud" is Chicago's Diva attraction. After "The Cloud" was built, it had to be polished and have its seams removed giving the illusion of being one large shiny object, and not the sum of many shiny stainless steel plates. The inside is hollow. It is always fun to stop here after a concert at Millennium Park with friends. Watching the Tourists taking videos or photos is also fun. This is a great spot for people watching. It is a great spot for contemplation. Every photo that is taken is different. Like a real cloud in the sky that changes its form, you will never have the same Chicago skyline reflecting off "The Cloud" (a/k/a 'The Bean').I always enjoy "The Cloud" and never get tired of viewing this beautiful piece of sculpture. You know, it's like a fat kid who loves eating a huge bag of chips, chocolate cake or a gallon of ice cream! You can't get enough of it, so I hope you enjoy your visit to "The Cloud!" TIP: Take public transportation (parking will cost $20 and above). For spectacular photos come in the evening when the Chicago skyline is all aglow! DO NOT ATTEMPT TO DRIVE to the Loop, because traffic in Chicago is insane! If you decide to drive, expect to pay $20 or more to park down in this area. Then, go ahead and write your "Debbie Downer" review bitchin' 'bout how awful Chicago traffic is and how expensive it is to park in the Loop. Boo-hoo-hoo 2 U!Terrible traffic, parking and overall crowded and small. We made our way across the bridge and took selfie of ourselves in front of the bean. I don't care too much about Chicago, at least this part of the city but, the bean was cool... Or until we got our pictures taken in front of it. Absolutely should visit at least once in your life time.  Best parts- the bean and the cherry blossoms. Good luck finding parking.The Cloud Gate or the bean is a neat little experience in Chicago. It pretty much became Chicago's landmark and it's free so you can come here to take pictures. Don't get too excited, there's not much to do with this but take pictures and the area doesnt really have anything else to do but go on a picnic and take more pictures. I got bored after about ten minutes of being here. I mean, you can only take so many pictures...Oh the infamous bean. I never knew it was called the cloud gate haha. This is located in Millennium Park so you can explore rest of it after doing a photo shoot for a half hour there. It really depends on when you go but likely it will be packed like crazy so you gotta  squeeze in to find a clean empty spot for your shoot. It really is just a big reflective bean but you have some girls who are doing legit photoshoots and i fomo'd real hard. You can pretend to hold the bean up but this one girl was lying on the floor and put her legs up against the bean. It sounds weird but the photo looked legit. More likely than not you will not be able to take a bean photo without hella people around there.The Bean and attached park are a must see if you are a tourist staying in the Chicago area.I recommend going for a bite to eat or a coffee across the street and spend some time with a bite to eat by this cool structure.For the best photo opportunities, I would recommend going before 9 AM.  I went around 7:45 AM and it was not crowded at all in the park.I was really excited to see The Bean and it lived up to expectations! Although just a reflective bean-shaped structure, it is really fun to explore the different sides/reflections, look for reflection, and take interactive pictures (putting hands/feet on The Bean). The Bean is also in prime real estate right by Millennium Park, several museums, Mag Mile, and the beach! The only downside is the inevitably huge crowd and how dirty The Bean was. It rained the night before so it might've been dirtier than usual..If you're on the fence about coming here like I was, I'd say it's worth a visit.Part of the reason I wanted to skip The Bean was that I thought there would be too many other tourists around to get a good photo.  Then I discovered that there aren't always a flock of tourists there, especially if you arrive early on a weekday.There were only a handful of other people there at 7:30am on Tuesday.  Most were snapping photos and selfies and I saw a few others incorporate The Bean into their morning jog:  past The Bean...around The Bean...under The Bean.It looks like someone dropped a huge blob of mercury in the middle of downtown Chicago.  I saw it before in the movie The Break-Up but I didn't realize it was so big.   It's at least three stories tall and I didn't see any seams so it's not clear how they put it together. You have to figure they didn't get it to Millennium Park in one piece but how DID they do it?One of the night watchmen yelled for me to get down when I climbed on a concrete pillar to get a better shot.  I didn't see any signs posted so I felt like I was just minding my own business and not doing anything wrong.  I walked over to ask them if there were any other rules I needed to know.They were actually pretty nice.  Apparently people get a little carried away taking pictures of The Bean (myself included) and one of their duties is to keep everyone safe and accident-free.  They're also responsible for keeping people out of Millennium Park and away from The Bean after they close at 11pm.  That's harder than it sounds since there aren't any gates.If you're wondering how they keep the sculpture so shiny...it's washed on a regular basis.  They remove all the rain spots and bird offerings to keep it photo ready.  These cleanings usually take place at night.  The guards said it was in need of washing on the day I visited but it still looks gleaming in my photos.The Bean is one of those obligatory Chicago tourist stops but it's surprisingly fun.  You only need about ten minutes to experience it so it shouldn't be missed."The Bean" was number one on my list. I took so many pictures of my self and different angles of the clouds gate with the city skyline. I think I drove the people I was with crazy lol. It such a cool thing to check out. A must do! Put that on your Chicago bucket list people!It's a bean. Nothing that special. Lots and lots of tourists taking pictures.stopped in here because the weather was outstanding. lots of tourists of course taking pictures with the big "bean" but a lovely park to cruise through. if in chicago, its a must to just check out. great art work that is a landmark in the city!You can't say you have busted Chicago without stopping by the bean. You must be patient to take pictures and I suggest finding a group you can offer to take a picture of so they will more than likely return the favor.I always say when you travel places always stay away from the tourist hot spots. You seriously don't want to run into a huge crowd and have everyone be in your picture..If you should go try to avoid tourist.Millennium Park opens at 8am and closes at 11pm.To avoid insanity go as early as 7:30am and no one will be there and go at 10:30pm for night shoots if you don't want hundreds of people in your picture.The bean is great, but when you go there don't be "That Couple"!  As a local and a producer of the comedic web-series "That Couple", we based our entire first episode on "the do nots" of the Bean and Bean etiquette.  Our first episode will show you how much fun the area is, the beauty of the bean and how to enjoy it without being one of those obnoxious tourists!  youtube.com/watch?v=YiJ6…I'm a grown woman and I still enjoyed the bean. It's the most popular art installment in Millennium Park, which also translates to always being full of people! It's a huge, metallic, reflective bean that is like a mirror funhouse on steroids! Definitely go under the bean - super cool.Visited: 06/27/2015. I feel like it's tradition to see this gigantic art work most known as the Bean. It's an iconic tourist must visit spot. I'd advise going super early in the morning or late at night to avoid the massive crowds of people ;)What a nice piece of art. Great photo op at this place. Crowded but what do you expect. There is an information service staff on site. Don't stand on the walls or you'll get yelled at. Down the street is Garretts Popcorn and Starbucks.Cool to look at.  A great place to take pictures and a must when you visit Chicago.  Each picture and angle is different.  Don't plan on staying there long.  There is only so many pictures you will want to take before you get bored.  I strongly suggest you visit the Art Institute at the same time since they are so close.This is a cute sculpture/attraction in Millenial Park and it's definitely a must see anytime you go to Chicago. You could always use a new and obnoxious Facebook profile picture right? Seriously definitely worth just a trip over here to get the most gorgeous profile photo.It's super easy to stop by here. Millennium Park is completely open to the public, and if you're in downtown Chicago, you are extremely likely to walk by.  It does get a bit crowded during the afternoon. However, early morning or evening are a perfect time to go here. Definitely a must see! And, don't forget to bring your cameras :)I'm guessing this has got to be one of the most instagrammed places in Chicago, haha. They should rename it to be called Tourist Central! Of course being a tourist myself, I knew I had to stop by there and check it out as well. To be honest, I don't really know what to tell you. It's a giant metal sculpture shaped like a bean that everyone loves to take photos in front of - myself included. It's on the edge or Millennium Park which sadly I didn't get to explore and you can't really miss it. Follow the crowd of people haha jk.Overall, it really is a cool sculpture. You can see a really nice reflection of it's surroundings and of course you can see your own reflection as well - perfect for selfies. Make it one of your stops if you're ever in Chicago.You gotta check out Cloud Gate if you're visiting chicago.  Yelp, you guys need to update since I looked up the bean in the app and got nothing but coffee shops.  It's huge and shiny and a sight to see.  Only problem is it's so crowded that it's hard to get a solo pic in there like any other popular tourist spot.If the Cloud Gate sculpture ("the Bean") doesn't release your inner 5-year-old, well, I guess there's no hope for you. I'm sure there's a plaque somewhere near it that explains the artist's motivation and purpose and all, but I was too busy people-watching and mugging in front of it myself to seek it out.From way back, it reflects a curvy Chicago skyline; up close, a funhouse version of you. The best though, is underneath-it's like Salvador Dali ate some really good mushrooms. Sure, it's crowded and touristy. But it's also lots of fun!What can I say that others havnt said. Visiting Chicago was a great experience. The bean was something on my list of places to visit while there and I was glad I got to see it first hand.I had been to Chicago a couple of times for business in the past, but hadn't had the time or the opportunity to visit the "Bean." During my last trip to Chicago, I finally had the chance. Unfortunately, the day happened to be very gloomy and rainy, so it wasn't the best of circumstances to check out the "Bean." The bean is this large reflective cloud/bean that is definitely a must-see for anyone visiting Chicago. I was there by myself, but that didn't stop me from taking many a selfie in front of the "bean." Another tourist and I actually even helped each other out by snapping photos for one another. Will have to check it out again the next time I am in Chicago. Hopefully, the weather will be better then.I went to Chicago for the first time in August and The Bean was definitely on my list of things to do. I'm glad I finally got to see it in person! As a native New Yorker, I imagined that it would be absolutely enormous; it is very big, but not as monumental as I thought it would be. Regardless, it's fun to walk around and beneath it! I appreciate works of art that incorporate their context and change based on their surroundings. Since The Bean is reflective, the viewer's experience of it changes based on the sky/weather, the angle from which you view it, the time of day, how many other people are there, etc. It's a cool spot to take pictures and it's a must-see if you ever visit Chicago. For the full experience, grab a Chicago dog at the hot dog stand nearby.If you're new to Chicago, yes it's a must go tourist site!We should have taken our chances when freezing sleet was coming down, so that we could have taken awesome pictures with no one there... Otherwise it's always swarming with people.  Definitely get a picture with the Chicago landmark and don't forget to walk around the front to take pictures as well! It's a different view from the back.One of the most iconic things you can do when you are in Chicago. Come earlier in the day or at night to avoid the crowds, unless you want a bunch of tourists in your photos. It's nearby a lot of other landmarks so you might as well come check it out.The Bean is a big tourist attraction. One really cool thing about it is, if you stand in front bean you can see the skyline of the city. It's a great place to take pictures with friends.Everyone knows about the bean in Chicago. I figured it wouldn't be a complete trip if I didn't at least stop by. I mean, I know it would be full of tourists but figured it'd be a quick glance and that's it. Turns out, I stayed a little longer. It really is quite a sight to see this huge mercury drop juxtaposed against the city skyline. Walk underneath it, around it, check it out from all angles, and you'll be transfixed. One of the few times I thought it was ok to take a selfie!I went here at 9:30am before visiting the Art of Institute of Chicago. I took photos and sat on one of the picnic tables just people watching, and admiring the architectural buildings behind the bean. TRY TO RETURN AT NIGHT to capture the lights and blue sky on the bean It's a different atmosphere. I did not get the chance to do this coz the park was closed due to St Pat's Day. I guess they were worried that people might vandalized the bean. People were trashing the park, urinating all over even if porto Johns were available. The City of Chicago is clean, they clean the road and park as if nothing happened the same day.If you're visiting Chicago, you'll end up at The Bean at some point and you will look like a tourist. Who cares? Its fun! Take your picture, take a picture of the skyline in the reflection. Everyone's doing it! It will be crowded, but make sure to check out what things are happening around it. I have seen plenty of wedding other types of pictures being take, but have also run across other gatherings there in the past like a zombie walk. It a bustling place to see!It's much bigger than you'd expect.  From the underside of it, it's so high you can't touch the underside ceiling.  It's great for pictures amongst it's reflections, and the mirror-like polished steel begs you to touch it and give it a small tap/knock to feel it's solidity and / or hollowness.  Fun place to visit and memorialize your picture album for your visit to Chicago.Everyone says that when you come to Chicago you have to get a picture with the bean. So that's what we did. At any given day or time, there's going to be a lot of people milling around so expect to have other people in your pictures. Cloud gate is located right in the middle of Millennium Park. There are steps in front of it you can sit down on it and maybe take a picture from there so you can actually get the whole "bean" in the picture. The day we were there, they had one ramp closed off since they were preparing for the upcoming weekend festivities for the NFL draft pick. It's nice to just walk around the park and there is plenty of benches that you can sit on and it just seems very spacious. There seems to be a good mixture of grass and concrete.Cloud gate? Get real, this is 'the bean' and one of the most unique bits of public sculpture I've ever seen. Shaped like a giant...bean and covered in chrome it's about the size of a small house.  It's interactive and it does nothing but sit there. But people interact with it, with the reflections of them, of others and of the cityscape reflected in its sides.I usually do not go in for this sort of thing but it was fascinating.This is my first time to see it! It's amazing. I am wondering how it's made. A lot of people are taking pictures around it. It's kind of interesting. While it's not that big as I previously imagined.Bean there, done that. Check!I can finally cross this off my bucket list. It's such an awesome sculpture for Windy City, Chi Town, or whatever you want to call Chicago! The bean is definitely a must-go while visiting Chicago. Should we just call it the Selfie Bean? I've never knew it was called the Cloud Gate. It is located in Millennium Park so you can explore around after you take x1023012303010 selfies, hahaha. I went during saturday morning and it was super packed! The Bean is also very close to The Art Institute of Chicago, Park Michigan, Navy Pier, and many more popular tourist attraction.I refuse to call it the 'Bean'.Why?Let me be cheesy here, just once: it was the exact location of our first date with my husband (except at the time they were redoing here and had covered it with a huge and ugly piece of...cloth? whatever you call this type of thing)I want to tell my children and grandchildren that Mummy and Daddy fell in love at the Cloud Gate (makes sense, right?) and not in front of a stupid bean....See my point?Love Cloud Gate.  It's like the antithesis of huge buildings, being a great gathering spot that people can interact with and take cool pictures of the city and friends and make it look neat.  It's the quintessential symbol of the city.How could I not love this? I have too many awesome pictures of Cloud Gate The Bean. I live here and still take people to see it.Shut up.  You know you love the Bean.  Don't front.  Everyone is taking pictures in front of it, whether there's rain/shine/sleet/hail/burning sulphur of God's judgment.  And of course, the underside of the bean is the best part, where the images get all swirled and beautiful and amazing.  The bean's underside is how you tell the difference between a PhD student in the humanities and one in the sciences.Teej (PhD in history): Wow, this is so beautiful.  It's like some medieval painting's conception of heaven, with all the refracted images of people and light.Edmond (PhD in biomedicine/nutrition): You think so?  I think the shiny metal and shapes make it all look like a toilet seat.Really?  A toilet seat, Ed?I love the bean, and so should you, even if you are a creepy science student.Yup, the "Jellybean" as I like to call it. The first time I ever saw this bean I wasn't totally impressed. However, last week I made it back on a beautiful day and the distorted reflection of the sky on the bean was incredible! I really wish I had my camera with me, but what I remember of it was amazing!! All the puffy white clouds and the blue sky distorted across this giant jellybean. So if you ever decide to visit, def try to make it out on a sunny day when there are some clouds out. It looks crazy nice then!the bean is one of those rare sculptures that never gets old, mostly for the people watching. from the groups of prom-goers having their photos taken to the tourists doing handstands, feet on the bean, the crowds never fail to amuse.like the pizza, i can hardly imagine visiting chicago and not experiencing the bean.My esteem for the bean has something to do with appreciation of transdimensional objects, so I'll just stop there.How can you NOT like the bean?! The only downside is that it is a tourist magnet and you have to deal with crowds of people to find space, but it is unique and I like the perfect reflections it gives off while it still doesn't get camouflaged. It's nice to see the creative photos that everyone takes around the bean.I'm shocked that the Bean doesn't have a higher rating on here. Everybody I have ever seen approach it has absolutely loved it and couldn't tear themselves away from it. This is a must-see for any Chicago visitor. It is super fun to engage with the sculpture and offers unlimited amounts of fun. Be sure to bring a camera, because you *will* want to take pictures of yourself in the reflection, everybody does.Can't come to Chi-Town without seeing "the Bean". The optical illlusion that you get of the city, the surroundings and just the landscape is priceless.I love public art. I mean really, what more can you ask for... it's a giant reflective bean in the middle of an already classic architectural city! haha. but folks, really... what on earth is a cloud gate.Fun for the whole family, and every facebook user on earth... or an earnest tourist who literally spent hours (two) here getting pictures from every angle. So fun to capture the Millennium Park skyline here.Random thought: how cool would it be if there was like a single room inside that you could stay at... you could run up the walls all night. i mean, yeah you'd pretty much freeze, but it'd be well worth it.I love the bean. People who have never seen it sometimes say things like, "Big deal, it's just a reflective blob."  But when you walk up to it and view our beautiful city (and maybe your beautiful mug) in it, it just awes  you. There are a million angles and views you can get, and lots of people like to stand/walk underneath it.  The options are endless.  The area surrounding the bean is also quite wonderful.  It's Millennium Park, after all!  Great people watching.Oh holy shiny gigantic bean of Chicago.It has quickly become an iconic symbol of the magnificent city.Geez.. why all the hate for the bean?  It's a sculpture that has done nothing to you!  I think it's awesome and love it, and everyone around me staring up at their semi-distorted reflection holding a camera next to their face also love it.Definitely a Chicago landmark that adds to the unique and vibrant art and architectural culture of the city.  I love how it stands out from the city skyline with its smooth shiny exterior that distorts the city's reflection.  And the juxtaposition of the ultra smooth bean vs. the sharp edges and lines of frank gehry's pritzker pavilion - while the two are still connected by a the same polished silver exterior.Side note:  it's very peaceful to look at - kind of makes you forget about the crowd. :)I'm not a fan of all the little kids running around the bean playing hide and seek. I'm also not a fan of all the greasy fingerprints all over the bean. But I am a HUGE fan of the bean because of its uniqueness!!!! What other reflective sculpture has no seams and can reflect the Chicago skyline??Definitely a tourist hot spot so I recommend coming early or late (but before sunset) to avoid the crowds.  There are vendors close by in case you are thirsty or hungry.Whoever thought to put THE BEAN at this specific location is a GENIUS!!!!For something I say that is overrated, why do I always have to come here, why do I always take a pic, and why do I always feel better after I've done those things?  I'm just going to come out and say it - it's cool to see this.the best feature in my new favorite park in america. having never been to chicago until last week, i didn't understand what all the hype about "the bean" was. once you see it up close, from afar, and everywhere in between, you get it - the reflections of the skyline, or yourself, or the rest of (the gorgeous) millennium park, or whatever else you're looking at - are simply awesome.truly a sight to behold!Beans, beans, the musical fruitThe more you eat, the more you tootThe more you toot, the better you feelSo let's have beans at every meal!Worth visiting in the wee hours in the morn when the crowds are not around. Magnificent view of the skyline. It brings all of those amazing buildings/skyscrapers onto one metal surface.Legumes - they're good for you. Chicago's Bean included.I'm confident my words cannot describe how this artistic expression affects me, let alone how it might affect anyone else. I am certain that it does affect.Cloud Gate somehow simultaneously transcends and envelops all around it - including the city itself. This "thing" pulls everything and everyone in, like a singularity, and then reflects it back out. And, its is such a benevolent form - it is fun and and it is content. It is one of the finest objects of art I have ever experienced in any form.  Go at daybreak.en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cl…The bean is the most beautiful thing I've ever seen. I hope someday to go back when there isn't a HUGE crowd of people surrounding it.A MUST see, especially on a first time visit to Chicago.Very cool. twisted and bendy.Oh bean, I adore you.you reflect sky, and city, and balanceyou make heads look tiny or huge depending on your angleyou have tiny hand prints all around your base from fascinated childrenyou are the moment and memory posing for every picture.but most of all you reflect artand literally myselfbeautiful !
