The microphone.  Hello?  (SINGING) Let me point out from the start that I don't wish to paint you.  (SINGING) I'm a scholar and physician.  Sartore! Sartore!  [SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE]  [SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE]  [SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE]  [SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE]  [SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE]  [SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE]  [SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE]  [SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE] [LAUGHTER]  [SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE]  Oh, yeah.  Oh, yeah.  Come on [BLEEP]! [BLEEP]!  --a month at the most and at the least. Estimate it. Do the math. You don't even sit down and do that.  I don't have to. I bring home the money.  Well, yeah, to that [UNINTELLIGIBLE PHRASE] because I've been asking you to do that.  You just know what you know, and you block out everything you hear. You just tell me the same thing. Yeah. That's how I feel.  It's like--  Well, you could wake me up.  Tell me to get up.  Well, if you asked me to. I mean, that's like--  I guess I'm--  No, I mean that's one of my few weaknesses. I do have some weaknesses.  [? But I don't disagree-- ?]  Yeah. He isn't as tactful as you are. But see then, I can be late but he can't.  You know, you may be right.  I'm conscious of it, but as you say that-- --the reality of those times when she'd forget about me for hours-- boy. Well, those were very turbulent times for me.  Yeah. God, I hated her for that. The message was very clear. The message was very clear. Boy, life's complex. What about those shoes, anyhow?  No, they're pretty shoes, too. They're nice. I have a friend, Alessandro. He lives in Abadiania, and I show you when he walk around. He had multiple sclerosis. That's the right name? OK, he could not walk, problem to move, even to talk. Only his mother could understand him. He came here today, every day you can see he go into university, walking, he play volleyball with the people around. [SPEAKING VIETNAMESE] [SPEAKING VIETNAMESE] [SPEAKING VIETNAMESE] [SPEAKING VIETNAMESE]  Problem is, we haven't had a good track record.  I want the Kung Pao chicken.  Yeah, number eight.  We need that car shut off in lane two.  I just need to get a thumbs up, ready in lane one from Paul Carmichael. Thumbs up in lane two, Vernon. Watch the leader board, here we go.  51.6 in lane two.  50.8.  And Vernon Sergeant is our winner in street a. Way to go Vernon. Paul Charmichael, great run.  She's not afraid of nobody. She's not afraid of anyone, anyone at all. She has a wonderful personality. You can change [UNINTELLIGIBLE] [BLEEP] off. Here, get a shot of my big belly. Here you go. That'll be gone about the time I get home. Come on, blow the whistle. Aw, [BLEEP], situps. Aw, [BLEEP]. Clockwise. Clockwise. Think of a clock, clockwise. Mark time, march. Lock and load. You fired three rounds. Three rounds. How many holes do you see? [BLEEP] This is going to be a lot different than just hunting back home. Welcome to Fort Hood. This stuff is pretty simple from here on out. Take that two right there. [INAUDIBLE], stay where you're at. [INAUDIBLE], stay where you're at. Hold your weapons to your right. Incoming! So these five ton dump trucks, the youngest one we have is 1956. The newest one we have is 1964. We were promised up-armor kits. We didn't get them. And so we're going to go ahead and try to fabricate something. Thank you sir. You think we could use some of this stuff? Yeah, let's take that with us. I hear that.  I advise you to come to Pakistan and serve you country, to serve the country where you were born. Because America is already an advanced country, and they don't need any intellectual [UNINTELLIGIBLE]. But Pakistan requires many persons who are intellectual and highly educated. What? What? Who? I'm not going back. I don't want to even see it no more. Uh-uh. I ain't going back to that. Yeah, when I was at my house in New Orleans, yeah, I used to play it on my TV. So I got a little bit of skills behind this thing. FEMA, FEMA. We was working across the river today. As you can see, we cleared up all of St. Charles. We cleared out all Louisiana. We clearing up everywhere. We're just cleaning up, man. And it's giving me something to do, keep me from thinking about my family most, sitting down, just concentrating on doing something constructive. They was trying to run us out of the houses and stuff, talking about evacuating. But why shall I leave? They got people coming in from out of town working. I talked to a guy before I got the job where I'm working at now. This guy was from Houston, Texas, a temporary worker working on it. Why the citizens that live here can't stay down here and work? It doesn't make sense. They got so much money coming up. Yeah, let the locals rebuild it. And he want to run us out. Oh, I don't know. They're talking about like two to three months, something like that. It's going to be really hard, because I shed a few tears because I miss them, but I know they in a better place than where I'm at. But I don't know where they at. I don't know where anyone at. I can't even talk to my mother. She left before the storm. The day before the storm she was in Mississippi. I haven't talked to her since. You have a safe trip. Watch yourself, because the army people just told me they got some bad guys running around. Yeah, he say they in the area. Must be. Don't come creeping up that fast again, OK? That's fine. When somebody does that, you stop. We don't know who you are. I appreciate that. Seen anything that we need to know about around here? All right, we appreciate it. Just be safe, all right?  It's a mess, ain't it? It's a mess. Along with the water that went through it. Ask Boss FEMA! You go down around here are the Zuni Indians are. They're the ones that are handing out the ice. You can ask them where the Iceman is. And so you'll see him. He's got kind of a hat on. Looks like a safari hat. And he looks like Crocodile Dundee to me.  I John, 2: My dear children, I write this to you so that you will not sin.  But if anybody does sin, we have One who speaks to the Father in our defense.  His name is Jesus Christ, the Righteous One.  He is the atoning sacrifice for our sins. And not only for ours-- --but also for the sins of the whole world.  At this time, has everyone gotten a plate? Because we have plenty of food and plenty of service. I do have an indistinct feeling about Kerry. I'd like to know more about his views on the national security issues. This is the primate laboratory at the University of Wisconsin in Madison. In this laboratory, there are approximately 120 rhesus monkeys, the subject of a study that wants to know the answer to the question, what is an infant's love for its mother?  What's her address?  Yeah, how much?  That'll be $36.  Allied Interstate calling in regards to an important personal matter that was described in a letter to you. Due to federal and ethical state statutes, no further information may be left. This is not a solicitation.  And you are the man of the hour? OK. I'm the administrative assistant to the warden and public information officer. And you are? Anthony-- Pico. OK. What's your claim to fame, Mr. Pico? You're a success story? Well, you are. I can look in your eyes and tell. You are definitely a success story.  Who you looking for? Yeah. No. Wrong room. Guardian scholars? I'm not sure where you go.  Happy Holidays from the Parkland College Business Club. I certainly know voice you're talking about. The voice is irresistible, always. I'm in the thrall of that voice. Up until recently, that voice has made me a very poor man. I remember somehow realizing just how finely calibrated the voice was to every nuance, every part of my feelings, including the feeling that I didn't want to smoke cigarettes. And it's just like, might as well have another cigarette, because this is it. Tomorrow you're going to quit. And then tomorrow something would happen, and there's a good reason to smoke that day. And then it was, oh you already smoked today, so today's not the day you are going to quit, so smoke another cigarette. The voice definitely brings in also an element of shame. It says, you want everyone to think that you have money. You want everyone to see that you're generous and you can give and put yourself out there financially. It will prove that you're not a poor kid. I think I probably gave the bank over $2,000 in service charges. That voice. It was so charming.  Most of the stuff, honestly, most of the things I learned about sex are probably from watching pornography, because there's a lot there. You might as well be taking notes, because it's very up close and personal. And they're not trying to censor themselves. So they can show anything they want. And you learn. Because they're wearing condoms most of the time.  Look right over here. Half covered in dirt and sand, you've got 1984, and then three feet away is 1969. And there's 1966. And if we walk up this road, the numbers are going to keep dropping off and off and off, and go decades back. And you think about right here, in the span of just three feet, are the remains of thousands of people. And from 10 feet away, you would never know that these plaques are here. Here you go, last one. I don't like the way they translated it, but OK. Read this. In dreams, they had dreams. God did not speak to them. There are many prophets. God bless you. 
You are the light. And we follow you. You are the light to me because I think there's treasure in every single time--  Actually, none of it. Each of us holds a vibration, and that vibration attracts other like vibrations and affects other vibrations. Look at this horse. The horse is flying. Here comes the five flying. If he broke bit, he's going to win the race. Might have been $20, I don't know. I'd have paid-- I don't do it, but, somebody said it was either $20 or $50, you could have them brought to you, to your trailer. [LAUGHTER]  No.  Look, there's Ben Affleck. He's often in my dreams. Sam Brooks, some people might say, you're just too young and inexperienced and we can't entrust such a responsibility to somebody who is so unseasoned. What would your response be? Mr. Brazil, are you too old to serve on the city council?  Seven, eight. There you go. Yes, I'd like to apologize because I have broke the town hall windows, I flooded the basement, I broke windows on the back of a store uptown. I feel pretty bad about it because I did so much violence. I'm only 16 years old. I did so much violence and if I was caught, I'd be in juvie hall for a pretty long time I'd say. I'm sorry for harassing the Republican officials, making the bomb threats and the death notices. I'm sorry for the terrorism, the fire bombing that the guy paid me to do to some guy's house. I'm sorry for the burnings in the streets of Smithtown, Long Island. I'm sorry for harassing the Republican officials. I came on my shift and I opened the till. I put my money in. I made one transaction all night. When I went to cash out, it was short-- do you remember what it was? Yeah, it was short like $5 and some odd change. And it was really strange because nobody else had gone in the till. And it was just simply gone. That sure is a handsome bull. No [UNINTELLIGIBLE PHRASE]. I want you to know that we talked [INAUDIBLE] about FEMA this and Federal this, and I'm sick and tired of Federal anything! I'm sick of it. I am a working person. I pay Federal taxes. Because I want everybody to hear what I'm saying-- FEMA comes out of my damn paycheck. And that's where we belong. And then the dream is over. And apart from another Republican President. We wouldn't be spending all our money heating hell.  One of them was kidnapped. Then the cops were trying to save them, then accidentally he was shot. Then another friend that I had in college, he was in my grade-- it was last year-- he was in his car, driving to college, and he was suddenly shot by unknown men.  It's like you're getting used to it. You hear people die. OK, people die. Parliamentary inquiry. The speaker, I have a plane to catch in about one hour. Am I going to be able to do it? Will the vote be ended by that time? Is the discretion of the chair or the abuse of the discretion of the chair and the abuse of power subject to a vote of the House? Hey, everybody! Alaikum salam. Depends. John Pickle himself says, you're going to hire for the John Pickle company in America. He said that it's going to be in the United States. He mentioned about the good accommodation [? of the ?] facility. And you guys have internet facility and the phone facility. You guys have 24-hour-- all the channels you can watch. Especially he mentioned about the different channels, you know, bad channels and stuff. Oh. He mentioned about porno movies. And I didn't know, regularly, at that time, what was a porno. So he said, it's bad channels. And you can watch. My bed was very close to where people were taking showers and they go to the restroom. And I was sleeping in the nighttime, and the people would come through from the night shift. And they'd come about 3 o'clock, 4 o'clock. And they'd take a shower. All the water comes out from their wall and spraying on you and makes so much noise. And I told him, I cannot sleep here. And they said, no, we don't have any more beds. You have to sleep here. They put the numbers on the beds. So he said, this is your number. You've got to go there and sleep. You don't like it? Go home. We have tickets ready to pack you up. I mean, it was totally, completely, the situation-- you know, out of hand. We were all scared. People were scared to even speak their problems. I told my wife in secret. I didn't talk to my parents. My father, he has heart troubles. And I said, don't tell him, because he's going to upset. I still like that. I kind of like that. Kind of. Sideburns? I'm pregnant. Yes. Like he's been staring at it from a distance of 15 feet from his couch for the past 10 minutes. I agree that Doritos is an immediate go-to kind of snack. Is there another snack it could be? Biologist realizes he's been studying Cadbury egg. 
What do you mean? I made a list of what I was getting everyone. And I'm pretty confident in it. Your horse?  Do some investigative reporting.  Governor Thompson signed the measure into law in a special ceremony at the new Washington Irving Elementary School on South Oakley. When the reforms go into effect next July, one, school administration will be decentralized. Some of the power goes to parents and local school boards. Principals will be gaining more control over their own schools. Yeah, I want to apologize for something and maybe-- well, I guess it's too late to apologize for it, but I want to apologize for it now. I don't know. Yes, sir, that's about the handsomest bull I've seen in all my days of cattle ranching. No ma'am. No ma'am. Noman. Akmed. Addeb. Hasna Debuyah. Leya. Azizah. Azizah. The people on this commission, I thank you very much for your time. If you can't give us direction, get the hell out of the way. That's all we're asking for. Right.  The situation, no matter how much I don't talk about, it cannot described how it is.  Every day, believe me.  I swear. Just two hours ago a neighbor has been killed in our neighborhood. He was shot dead.  He was with his wife in his car, and some gunmen pulled over and just shot him and gunned him down because he's a Shiite.  I saw three similar incidents-- getting a man killed in front of his wife and two children. The oldest girl is about five years of age. And she was shouting, oh, daddy, please daddy, don't die. In front of my eyes. I don't know these people, but this happened in front of my eyes. And that doesn't look promising. So look at last letters. We just lived there, because we thought, in the beginning, that that was just a temporary arrangement, because Mr. Pickle must be working on that, to find a good apartment or something. So I gave my benefit of doubt every time. I think good. Because I am a good-hearted man, I always think positive. Yeah, that's a lot of money for me at that time. And if I lose that money, it would be a problem for me, because I borrowed that money from my mother-in-law. Oh, there? Maybe 10 years. Yeah, 10 years to save that much money. Maybe $200 per month. There was a meeting. They said this a paradise for you. Yeah, that's what he said, that you are happy to get this food, because in India you are dying by hunger. But that was not true, because we are skilled men, skilled full-fledged workers. They used to say, you're are not going to go out. If you are to go, you've got to get permission. There was a sign put on the wall that, if you leave this place without permission, you'll be terminated and deported back to India. I just was lying to my wife a lot. Car commercial pretty adamant about car. Class struggle a breeze for local investment banker. Todd? [LAUGHTER] Nation's girlfriends call for more quality time. Cardinal teaches pope to make church by interlocking his fingers. That's so awful. Infertile woman treats frog shaped humidifier as human child. [LAUGHTER] 
He got something.  And you let us know! And if you do find one, let me know what the address is. I've never told anyone this except my shrink. I accidentally killed my younger sister when I was a very small child and it's haunted me all my life because I didn't really mean it. It was just a game to me and I was really too young to realize what I was doing. And I was putting her head inside a plastic garbage bag and putting a rubber band around her neck just to see her face turn blue. I guess it was a lot of fun and I didn't mean anything bad to happen. But I guess I didn't realize what would happen if I did this too long and she suffocated. I hid the plastic bag and I went out of the house. My parents weren't home. And they never found out. They thought it was crib death. They never found out I did it. I have no idea.  Toman.  Akmed.  Adur.  Azisa.  Aziseh. SAX? I didn't even like that, because John Pickle did the same, like that, with the smiling face. And he did wrong things. Yes, that is right. I am not ready to trust the people, because of all the experience through John Pickle. Yeah, they don't know about that. Because our aim is to make our family happy. In the Bible study, there is a good Samaritan. He is the one. You know what I mean? That is a good Samaritan. One man, laying down in the street. Nobody will help. The Bible says a good Samaritan comes over there and takes him. Yes, that's what Mark was. Yeah. I had doubts. I had doubts, that's all. But he helped us. Gay retard teased. [LAUGHTER] 
What did they just do? I saw him. And the guy, he stopped, and he stopped, talking to somebody. I think he asked for a cigarette. But I saw the girl eye to eye, and she looked familiar. Even that, her pictures, were in the door, you know? But it did not click. It did not click.  Aziseh. Annapolis, Dallas, Essex, Cancun. All of these in this column do not end in vowels. In the first beginning, he bought some food, Indian food. And then after, he decided he's not going to buy any more Indian food. And he said, I cannot buy your goddamn Indian groceries, because it's so expensive. I mean, I was strictly vegetarian. I had to start eating meat because it was not enough food. There were some of my other friends who were also vegetarian. They wouldn't even eat the-- I mean, hardly enough food. 
India pale ale. Oh, my God. 
Good job, guys. 
Good work.
