Because I could not stop for milk,It kindly came to me.I ordered it through Amazon,Whole milk; sweet Tuscany.The driver, though, he knew no haste,No Expediter, he!The wait: Four days, and weekend, too.It seemed eternity.My milk, it passed through NYCWhere traffic snarled in rings,Slow past the fields of grazing cowsWho nodded knowingly.Its expiration date passed, too;And though the truck was chill,Vile germs digested lactose sweetAnd had their gruesome fill.It paused before my house at last,(By USPS Ground)My gallon jug; 128 ounceThough oddly swollen `round.My joy is dashed! My hope denied!Alas, milk lacks the powerTo strive towards immortality:My Tuscan milk's gone sour.-S&J; Initial set up of the Tuscan Whole Milk, 1 Gallon, 128 fl oz is easy, just unscrew the cap and remove the liner. It has a surprisingly rich set of standalone and integrated food possibilities and the addition of vitamin D was a bonus.However, I find that this product quickly becomes unstable (even without overclocking) to the point that it is no longer usable. At first I tried passive cooling to prevent the degradation, but ultimately had to switch to an active cooling method to prolong the products usefulness.Note that even with this extreme care the Tuscan Whole Milk, 1 Gallon, 128 fl oz will still break down. Even if you never use the product it will still fail! This is the worst kind of planned obsolescence, requiring you to replace this product every two weeks whether you use it or not!Pros: Inexpensive, easy set up.Cons: Short product lifecycle. No instruction manual. No optical/coax sound output. It's good milk if you drink it right away, but I'm only giving it one star because it spoiled when I left it out the the counter when I went away for the weekend. They really should put this in the description. I've bought a lot of products from Amazon (books, CD's, etc.) and I've never had this problem with anything else. Do you have any idea where this stuff comes from?  It's excreted by squeezing the wobbly thingie on the UNDERSIDE OF A COW! That's hardly made clear anywhere on the label. Quite the contrary. The Tuscan label's bovine mascot doesn't even have a thingie. Many other manufacturer's labels don't even depict a cow at all much less cow + thingie. Outrageous.The label on this product should read: DANGER! Contains fluids squeezed from cow's thingies!Spread the word. Expose the lies. Let the people know. While the three varying pictures of the product do help, I am still not sure if this is the right product for my needs.  I would like for the manufacturer to put a "See Inside" on this one. This product gave me diarrhea.  My brother got cholera, my mom got the measles and my sister broke her arm.  Soon after, we lost a wagon wheel and a thief stole 3 oxen. Horrible service, I bought my milk and went with the 7-9 day super saver shipping method and it arrived warm and curdled.  What the hell? I come here today to warn you about Tuscan Milk.I was friends with Tuscan Milk (aka - TM) for a long time and I'll always remember the good times - Frisbee golf in the park, picking up chicks in the 7-11 parking lot and watching horror movies were our favorite activities.As we passed through our late teens and went to college, TM took off on a different path that would change our lives forever. I remember TM coming into class, eyes the size of pin points, sweating profusely and feverishly scratching his handle. TM started wearing long sleeve shirts, even in the middle of the summer and my friends and I, somewhat bewildered, became increasingly concerned.Then one day, TM disappeared. Strangely, my car stereo, turntables and VCR were gone as well. We tried calling TM's cell phone, it was shut off. We tried TM's parents' house, they hadn't seen him either.Noone heard from or saw TM for a year and a half until one day, my roommate Rinaldo paged me with '911' and I had a feeling I knew what it was about. I called Rinaldo and he excitedly told me about how he saw TM just a few miles away from our house and he was going to pick me up momentarily. I jumped in the car and Rinaldo turned off his stereo which had been pumping 'Pure Ecstasy - Trance Hits Volume 3' and then I knew things were serious. He loved that CD.We descended the hill leading from our house to downtown and took a right turn into what was widely known as a very rough area rife with gangs, drug sales, prostitution and violent crime. I asked Rinaldo where we were going and he just looked at me, stone faced, and kept driving.We made a left onto 15th street and gradually came to a stop. Rinaldo glanced over at me, then out his window and then I saw him. TM, leaning on a grocery cart full of bags of aluminum cans, his cap halfway off and label faded and torn, looking absolutely beat to death.Rinaldo and I jumped out of the car and ran over to TM, who stared at us blankly and stood from leaning on the cart."Five dollars.", TM said. "Anything you want for five dollars."Rinaldo and I looked at each other, confused, then focused back on TM. I reached in my pocket and pulled our five dollars, handing it to him."A'ight. Come with me.", TM said.Rinaldo and I looked at each other and shrugged, then followed TM. He lead us down an alley way, where he looked over his shoulder at us, then leaned forward, his cap off, onto a dumpster. Rinaldo and I knew at that moment what things had come to for TM. He glared us while we stood there, shocked, and said "What? You not ready yet? Fine. I'll be right back."TM replaced his cap and walked around the corner. Moments later we heard a ruckus following by the sound of a slight spill and we knew what had happened. Rinaldo and I waited a few minutes before walking around the corner, only to find TM lying on the ground, a 1/4 of the way spilled on the pavement, with a very small manilla envelope with 'NBA' stamped on it lying next to him.We loaded TM into Rinaldo's car and took him to the Emergency Room where we waited for what seemed like days. Eventually, a doctor emerged from behind the ER doors only to tell us that TM, after struggling with a nurse, took off out the back door of the hospital.That was the last time we saw TM.Rinaldo and I arrived at home and decided to look TM up on our city's criminal offender database and were shocked at what we found. TM had been arrested over 3 dozen times in the last year and a half for everything ranging from drug possession, robbery, kidnapping and forgery to what shocked us the most - aggrivated sexual assault (see the customer images section for proof).We looked at court documents for several of TM's cases and found that most of the time he was arrested after being found slumped against a building or in an alley, a needle sticking out of his handle, heavily under the influence of heroin.It all made sense now. The eyes, the sweating, the scratching... the prostitution. It was clear at that point that TM would never be the jolly gallon of milk we once loved and cherished as a trusted and valued friend.Upon finding TM here on Amazon, I felt it was necessary to warn you that TM is a dangerous, unpredictable individual who, as is clearly evident, is more than willing to sell himself...likely to support his heroin habit.Rinaldo, myself and the rest of TM's old friends still care about him and don't want to hear about him on the news - overdosed or violently killed - so I ask you - please do not purchase Tuscan Milk. You are contributing to furthering the downfall of someone who was once a friendly, optimistic, bright white gallon of goodness.. but has since become a monster and threat to others and himself.Don't buy Tuscan Milk. Please. I ordered 300 units of this item in an attempt to furnish a small raft to escape my country which is ridden with civil unrest and street-side executions by local militia death squads. However, when the Tuscan Whole Milk did eventually arrive after 3 months of waiting and various bribes in the means of lewd sex acts to local warlords that control the only air strip in the area, the milk was spoiled. This was a detrimental blow to my plan to barter the product in exchange for food needed for my voyage. Absolutely unacceptable shipping standards. 1 Star. Timeless works often suffer at the hands of translators. One thinks of the numerous and continuing attempts to render Dante's "Divina Commedia" (another early vernacular Italian masterpiece and contemporary to the justifiably obscure Tuscana Latte series) and the struggle with both terza rima and meaning. No so for Tuscan Whole Milk ("La tutta latte"). Few works are better left where they were found, their authors condemned and eventually flogged. This translation of the redredged third valume of the series was committed by Sir John Stilton, the inebriated English librettist for two of the earliest publicly-immolated operas by P.D.Q Bach, themselves loosely based, in part, on the Tuscan series and "Mechanicae Popularum": "Die Fliegende Kuhe" and "Das Zaubereuter", both banned before their opening nights sometime in the early 1760s.That Stilton translated the Tuscan series at all was no mere stroke of misfortune. He was a cousin of Leopold von Emmenthaler, present at the Great Flushing of the Florentine sewers in 1755. As recounted in his memoir "Besottene Reisen", returning to his rooms late one night from a drinking binge, Leopold fell into an open ditch which drained into the Arno, but had been clogged. He was saved from drowning in the filth by the floating obstruction created by a massive snarl of wig hair and old used manuscripts -- part of which would later be tragically identified as the only complete copy of "Tuscan." Inspired to further drink by the experience, Leopold vowed to champion the mysterious work. He passed it to Stilton in a stupor sometime in 1759. Though arrested, Leopold was never proscuted for the act and he fled to his native Limburg.Rarely misunderstood and best left un-retold, "Whole Milk" is the culminating volume of the Tuscan series, but can be read (if necessary) as a standalone work, as both Skim ("Scremato" or "Senza Grassi") and Two-Percent ("Cauto") are diatribes on celibacy and vegetables respectively.  A tale of love, betrayal, and gastrointestinal distress, it is in this infamous portion of the "work" that Contessa Bessi meets the cowherd Giovanni de Sargento (the cloaked "Count Grasso") and confronts him with the immortal question "Gotta de latte?" This dubiuosly romantic passage is considered by some scholars as the inspiration for later poetry (e.g. Wordsworth's "I Wandered Lonely as a Cow" (1804); Dickinson's "#255", (""Cow" is the thing with horns." (1867)), books ("Care of Dairy Cattle in Central Peru" (1843); Proust's "Du Cafe chez Vache" (1914)), and even movies (among them "Cud" (1963) with Paul Newman and Patricia Neal; "El Cud," (1961) with Charlton Heston and Sophia Loren; and "The Guns of Navorone" (1961) with Gregorgy Peck and Anthony Quinn).This Stilton translation of Tuscan Whole Milk remains one of the more curdling, if only because he manages to improve the flavor of the work to the point that more innocent readers might be unwittingly exposed to it. It is clear that Stilton spoke little Italian, certainly not the 14th century vernacular of the region, and had no concept of style and structure. It is not certain that he was even completely literate in English.One star for calcium.   