This milk worked well when I first got it, but within a few days it wouldn't hold a charge.  I called their customer service department and, I don't know if it's in Bangalor or Ireland, but I couldn't understand a word that they said and they began to scream at me.Finally, though, they sent me another one - but that wouldn't hold a charge, either.  I'm beginning to wonder if this is truly meant to be a portable product.  I still haven't been able to retreive my email and the video is murky.It's a bit heavy, too, to wear on your belt.  The good news is that it keeps your hip cool during this sultry summer weather - for a while. Shipping was fine, and the product was not damaged in any way, but my husband and I (both of us have college degrees, mind you, his in Engineering) could not figure out how to assemble this.  No instructions, no diagrams, not even a lousy cheap allen wrench.  So basically, weeks after purchase, we're using it as a one gallon paper weight.  I haven't gotten any response from Tuscan.  It earns two stars simply because it is heavy and does do a fair job of holding down the stack of newspapers awaiting recycling. Be sure you read the fine print -- the picture is not an accurate representation of this product.Mine arrived in a cow, "some assembly required." On the plus side, I have to admit it WAS pretty fresh. I went forward with my purchase of this product under the belief that it was indeed Tucson milk. This is not the Arizona breast squeezings I remember from the cows of my youth. This is, I daresay, Yankee milk. It tastes of East Coast swagger and Speedos, not low humidity sweat. I prefer my milk broiled slowly and continuously in the sun with just a mist of water coming from the roof tops. My milk lays there and prefers not to move, to at most produce a faint, knowing grin. My milk mustache is dried on, not drippy. My milk speaks of unexpected rainbows in a rainless sky. It speaks of mesas and motorcycle cops. This stuff smells funny and has a spray-on tan. Whole milk? I don't want even a part of this scam. I rarely give a product a bad review because mostly I like all things.  Unfortunately, this Jug of Tuscan Whole Milk, 1 Gallon, 128 fl oz had no warning at all upon its label to people like me.  People who have a hard time digesting milk.  The Lactose Intolerant. I mean, I want to be tolerant of lactose, I really do.  I fully realize that Lactose has every right to exist in the world.  But, I just can't. I'm not wired that way.  So, not being warned I had a hefty glass full of the thick rich white goodness of Tuscan Whole Milk, 1 Gallon, 128 fl oz.  Then I had some on dry cereal, just like another review suggested.  Then, I couldn't really get to sleep, I have a lot on my mind, so I drank a nice warm glass of Tuscan Whole Milk, 1 Gallon, 128 fl oz  to try to lull me to sleep.  Without giving too much information, I am writing this from the bathroom.  I haven't been able to leave this room for 17 hours now.  Please, good people at Tuscan Whole Milk, 1 Gallon, 128 fl oz  INC., please include a warning upon the label. Serves me right for ordering art off the internet. I spoke with a customer representative about my Tuscan Whole Milk, and they assured me that the product will soon be available in different sizes and colors. I ordered the item believing I could exchange it if my decor didn't match, and I was dismayed to discover that the attractive Tuscan Whole Milk label only appears on one side. Its bulbous shape makes it unfit for wall hanging, and three sides of uniformly boring color (aside from the accenting red cap) make it impossible to display in the round. Purely a curio cabinet item, at least until alternative versions are designed. While the piece works conceptually, highlighting the dichotomy between consumerism and evanescence, it's practical realization is a disappointment. I'd recommend ordering a print, rather than the sculpture itself. As it states in the fine print on the label, "Call your doctor if you have an erection lasting more than 4 hours after drinking Tuscan whole milk."  They should really make this warning more obvious.  Six hours into my boner I passed out and awoke covered in Tuscan whole milk. For those who are sick of these shallow, sensory-driven reviews about the pure ecstasy that is Tuscan Whole Milk, 1 Gallon, 128 fl oz, fret not.I won't be a hypocrite, and I can acknowledge that as you peer into every gallon of Tuscan Whole Milk, it's nigh impossible to ignore the notes of history and culture that come wafting from its ribbed mouth. The shape of its vessel, the slight texture that begs its curves to be embraced... Such perfection can rarely be discovered in the mortal realm, much less delivered in 3-7 business days.I digress. I have never before reviewed a product from the Amazon, and I must choose my words carefully. Time is of the essence, and this will almost certainly be the last message I have the privilege to share with you.We've all been led to believe that, behind every good milk, there is a man. This is where the fairy tale has been blurred throughout time, with personal agendas and blasphemy. It is my duty to set things straight.That man is Thomas Edison.Suspend your disbelief. You've been led to believe that Edison invented the light bulb? I beg that you take this speculation with a grain of salt. He is an evil, manipulative individual, with ties to the most corrupt milk-running circle that has ever existed.You may notice that I referred to his qualities in the present tense. Ah, so you were also taught that he is no longer living? Please. Shut your textbooks and open your eyes. Tuscan Whole Milk, 1 Gallon, 128 fl oz, though now diluted with the nasty udder discharge from cattle, was once an elixir of immortality, developed by none other than Mr. Sparky the Light-Bulb-Face himself. It was all a cover, don't you see? Teachers and researchers love to focus on the 1,093 patents that Edison acquired (before he went into hiding, that is). They fail to mention, however, that most of these inventions were, in fact, instruments of torture. Their sole purpose was extracting information from the real inventors of the time. As they were beaten, stretched, and impaled, the inventors' tears were collected in a plastic jug, and were subsequently mixed with a supply of cow's milk, as his daily dose of creativity and calcium.I can hear his footsteps coming down the stairs. I must get to the point, or all of this will have been in vain.Our understandings of the origins of modern electricity are flawed, the product of countless bribes and hush money. The nutrition that fuels the white magic in your breakfast cereal is, in fact, the repressed and concentrated imagination and talent of countless inventors and scientists.Don't go to the police. He owns the police.Your only hope is the one man who escaped! He and he alone can tell you how to put an end to this! Find Nikola Te- I am new to both milk and cooking, so when the recipe I was trying called for "milk" I went to the best place I know of to research new products: Amazon. When I saw all the positive reviews for Tuscan Whiole Milk, I knew this was what I needed and so I bought three  containers.  So when I got to needing the milk in the recipe, the first step was easy. Twisting the cap off allowed me to easily pour in the sugar that was needed (but strangely left out of the recipe). And I quickly learned to pour it slowly so that I could mix it in without having the milk spill out of the container. So far, so good.  And the top screwed easily back on. Fantastic! But the next step is where I feel that my fellow reviewers let me down. I put the milk jug on the floor and jumped on it, surprised to see it come pouring out of the container!  That was odd, as the reviews led me to believe this milk is perfect. So I took the second jug, poured in the sugar, and then placed it under my car tire and slowly drove over it. What a mess! Yet again, I had thought this milk would perform better than this. So I had to write to warn others: while this milk sweetened ok, it apparently is not good enough to condense. Buyers beware!  I guess I'll have to figure out something else to do with the third container. I cooked a lovely meal of shellfish, pork belly and veal boiled in Tuskan Whole Milk, 1 Gallon, 128 fl oz, but - when I brought the spoon to my lips - I was struck dead by an angry Old Testament god.  What gives?  This milk worked well when I first got it, but within a few days it wouldn't hold a charge.  I called their customer service department and, I don't know if it's in Bangalor or Ireland, but I couldn't understand a word that they said and they began to scream at me.Finally, though, they sent me another one - but that wouldn't hold a charge, either.  I'm beginning to wonder if this is truly meant to be a portable product.  I still haven't been able to retreive my email and the video is murky.It's a bit heavy, too, to wear on your belt.  The good news is that it keeps your hip cool during this sultry summer weather - for a while. Shipping was fine, and the product was not damaged in any way, but my husband and I (both of us have college degrees, mind you, his in Engineering) could not figure out how to assemble this.  No instructions, no diagrams, not even a lousy cheap allen wrench.  So basically, weeks after purchase, we're using it as a one gallon paper weight.  I haven't gotten any response from Tuscan.  It earns two stars simply because it is heavy and does do a fair job of holding down the stack of newspapers awaiting recycling. Be sure you read the fine print -- the picture is not an accurate representation of this product.Mine arrived in a cow, "some assembly required." On the plus side, I have to admit it WAS pretty fresh. I went forward with my purchase of this product under the belief that it was indeed Tucson milk. This is not the Arizona breast squeezings I remember from the cows of my youth. This is, I daresay, Yankee milk. It tastes of East Coast swagger and Speedos, not low humidity sweat. I prefer my milk broiled slowly and continuously in the sun with just a mist of water coming from the roof tops. My milk lays there and prefers not to move, to at most produce a faint, knowing grin. My milk mustache is dried on, not drippy. My milk speaks of unexpected rainbows in a rainless sky. It speaks of mesas and motorcycle cops. This stuff smells funny and has a spray-on tan. Whole milk? I don't want even a part of this scam. I rarely give a product a bad review because mostly I like all things.  Unfortunately, this Jug of Tuscan Whole Milk, 1 Gallon, 128 fl oz had no warning at all upon its label to people like me.  People who have a hard time digesting milk.  The Lactose Intolerant. I mean, I want to be tolerant of lactose, I really do.  I fully realize that Lactose has every right to exist in the world.  But, I just can't. I'm not wired that way.  So, not being warned I had a hefty glass full of the thick rich white goodness of Tuscan Whole Milk, 1 Gallon, 128 fl oz.  Then I had some on dry cereal, just like another review suggested.  Then, I couldn't really get to sleep, I have a lot on my mind, so I drank a nice warm glass of Tuscan Whole Milk, 1 Gallon, 128 fl oz  to try to lull me to sleep.  Without giving too much information, I am writing this from the bathroom.  I haven't been able to leave this room for 17 hours now.  Please, good people at Tuscan Whole Milk, 1 Gallon, 128 fl oz  INC., please include a warning upon the label. Serves me right for ordering art off the internet. I spoke with a customer representative about my Tuscan Whole Milk, and they assured me that the product will soon be available in different sizes and colors. I ordered the item believing I could exchange it if my decor didn't match, and I was dismayed to discover that the attractive Tuscan Whole Milk label only appears on one side. Its bulbous shape makes it unfit for wall hanging, and three sides of uniformly boring color (aside from the accenting red cap) make it impossible to display in the round. Purely a curio cabinet item, at least until alternative versions are designed. While the piece works conceptually, highlighting the dichotomy between consumerism and evanescence, it's practical realization is a disappointment. I'd recommend ordering a print, rather than the sculpture itself. As it states in the fine print on the label, "Call your doctor if you have an erection lasting more than 4 hours after drinking Tuscan whole milk."  They should really make this warning more obvious.  Six hours into my boner I passed out and awoke covered in Tuscan whole milk. For those who are sick of these shallow, sensory-driven reviews about the pure ecstasy that is Tuscan Whole Milk, 1 Gallon, 128 fl oz, fret not.I won't be a hypocrite, and I can acknowledge that as you peer into every gallon of Tuscan Whole Milk, it's nigh impossible to ignore the notes of history and culture that come wafting from its ribbed mouth. The shape of its vessel, the slight texture that begs its curves to be embraced... Such perfection can rarely be discovered in the mortal realm, much less delivered in 3-7 business days.I digress. I have never before reviewed a product from the Amazon, and I must choose my words carefully. Time is of the essence, and this will almost certainly be the last message I have the privilege to share with you.We've all been led to believe that, behind every good milk, there is a man. This is where the fairy tale has been blurred throughout time, with personal agendas and blasphemy. It is my duty to set things straight.That man is Thomas Edison.Suspend your disbelief. You've been led to believe that Edison invented the light bulb? I beg that you take this speculation with a grain of salt. He is an evil, manipulative individual, with ties to the most corrupt milk-running circle that has ever existed.You may notice that I referred to his qualities in the present tense. Ah, so you were also taught that he is no longer living? Please. Shut your textbooks and open your eyes. Tuscan Whole Milk, 1 Gallon, 128 fl oz, though now diluted with the nasty udder discharge from cattle, was once an elixir of immortality, developed by none other than Mr. Sparky the Light-Bulb-Face himself. It was all a cover, don't you see? Teachers and researchers love to focus on the 1,093 patents that Edison acquired (before he went into hiding, that is). They fail to mention, however, that most of these inventions were, in fact, instruments of torture. Their sole purpose was extracting information from the real inventors of the time. As they were beaten, stretched, and impaled, the inventors' tears were collected in a plastic jug, and were subsequently mixed with a supply of cow's milk, as his daily dose of creativity and calcium.I can hear his footsteps coming down the stairs. I must get to the point, or all of this will have been in vain.Our understandings of the origins of modern electricity are flawed, the product of countless bribes and hush money. The nutrition that fuels the white magic in your breakfast cereal is, in fact, the repressed and concentrated imagination and talent of countless inventors and scientists.Don't go to the police. He owns the police.Your only hope is the one man who escaped! He and he alone can tell you how to put an end to this! Find Nikola Te- I am new to both milk and cooking, so when the recipe I was trying called for "milk" I went to the best place I know of to research new products: Amazon. When I saw all the positive reviews for Tuscan Whiole Milk, I knew this was what I needed and so I bought three  containers.  So when I got to needing the milk in the recipe, the first step was easy. Twisting the cap off allowed me to easily pour in the sugar that was needed (but strangely left out of the recipe). And I quickly learned to pour it slowly so that I could mix it in without having the milk spill out of the container. So far, so good.  And the top screwed easily back on. Fantastic! But the next step is where I feel that my fellow reviewers let me down. I put the milk jug on the floor and jumped on it, surprised to see it come pouring out of the container!  That was odd, as the reviews led me to believe this milk is perfect. So I took the second jug, poured in the sugar, and then placed it under my car tire and slowly drove over it. What a mess! Yet again, I had thought this milk would perform better than this. So I had to write to warn others: while this milk sweetened ok, it apparently is not good enough to condense. Buyers beware!  I guess I'll have to figure out something else to do with the third container. I cooked a lovely meal of shellfish, pork belly and veal boiled in Tuskan Whole Milk, 1 Gallon, 128 fl oz, but - when I brought the spoon to my lips - I was struck dead by an angry Old Testament god.  What gives?  