 He always brought home milk on Friday.After a long hard week full of days he would burst through the door, his fatigue hidden behind a smile. There was an icy jug of Tuscan Whole Milk, 1 Gallon, 128 fl oz in his right hand. With his left hand he would grip my waist - I was always cooking dinner - and press the cold frostiness of the jug against my arm as he kissed my cheek. I would jump, mostly to gratify him after a time, and smile lovingly at him. He was a good man, a wonderful husband who always brought the milk on Friday, Tuscan Whole Milk, 1 Gallon, 128 fl oz.Then there was that Friday, the terrible Friday that would ruin every Friday for the rest of my life. The door opened, but there was no bouyant greeting - no cold jug against the back of my arm. There was no Tuscan Whole Milk in his right hand, nor his left. There came no kiss. I watched as he sat down in a kitchen chair to remove his shoes. He wore no fatigue, but also no smile. I didn't speak, but turned back to the beans I had been stirring. I stirred until most of their little shrivelled skins floated to the surface of the cloudy water. Something was wrong, but it was vague wrongness that no amount of hard thought could  give shape to.Over dinner that night I casually inserted,"What happened to the milk?""Oh,"he smiled sheepishly, glancing aside,"I guess I forgot today."That was when I knew. He was tired of this life with me, tired of bringing home the Tuscan Whole Milk, 1 Gallon, 128 fl oz. He was probably shoveling funds into a secret bank account, looking at apartments in town, casting furtive glances at cashiers and secretaries and waitresses. That's when I knew it was over. Some time later he moved in with a cashier from the Food Mart down the street. And me? Well, I've gone soy. Don't get fooled by the easy-to-use look of this product. I thought I'd save a little money on this product so I clicked on the 'Order it used' button. Boy, was that a mistake!When new, this product is just fine. When used, it's almost undrinkable.So, if you're in the market for Whole Milk, heed my advice, buy new. I thought 1500 generally positive reviews couldn't be wrong so I went ahead and bit the bullet and bought Tuscan Milk 1 gallon 128 oz. I have to say I was a little disappointed. Although it did, as some other reviewers noted, grant me the ability to fly and read other people's thoughts, I found myself craving it at odd times. I would constantly check the refrigerator to make sure it was still there, sometimes waking up in middle of the night to go into the kitchen to make sure it was safe. I soon began to suspect that my roommate was drinking it and surreptitiously drew a line to make sure that I would notice any theft. When I found him flagrante delicto with an icy cold glass of my Tuscan Milk 1 gallon 128 oz I strangled him to death with the cord my Hamilton Beach Quesadilla Maker, which was as a whole, a much better Amazon purchase that I wholeheartedly endorse as it makes seriously delicious crispy quesadillas and has a cord that is both firm and durable. My grown children and I sat down to breakfast this morning looking forawrd to trying this new... milk we bought online.  At 1st it seemed absurd to buy milk and have it shipped at almost 3 times the cost of the milk itself.  But then we... tasted it.  It didn't taste like milk at all.  It tasted... better.  This could not have come from a cow.  Men of great knowledge must have... engineered this substance.  I couldn't help myself, I had to have more.  I finished my glass like a man just rescued from the desert.  And I remember... I... I... I cried... I wept like some grandmother.  I  wanted to tear my teeth out.  I didn't know what I wanted to do.  And I want to remember it.  I never want to forget it.  I never want to forget.  And then I realized... like I was  shot... like I was shot with a diamond... a diamond bullet right  through my forehead... and I thought: My God... the genius of that. The genius.  The will to do that.  Perfect, genuine, complete, crystalline, pure.  And then I realized they were stronger than we. i'm a poor college student and i can't afford the full "brand new" tuscan whole milk price.  would anyone be willing to put up some "used" tuscan whole milk at a more reasonable rate? I'm not sure how normal this is, so I thought I'd post a review. I recently ordered Tuscan Whole Milk, 1 Gallon, 128 fl oz, and recieved it only three days after I ordered it, which is lovely, thank you Amazon.However, after drinking about half the bottle I noticed a couple things that I'm not sure are normal. First of all it made me a little gassy. Some Tums cleared that up, but I wasn't sure what to do about the hair loss, the rash on my thighs and arms, or the slight fever. Recently, it's been stealing my silverware, and I'm pretty sure it is responsible for the small kitchen fire that singed my drapes and my cat pretty badly. Also, and I'm not totally sure this is related, but about a week after I drank the product, every grade I ever recieved was retroactively changed to a C-.I've only bought milk at my grocery store before this. Is this normal for Tuscan milk? How can anyone make an educated decision to buy Tuscan Whole Milk when it only has 737 reviews? I bought this product after reading on this page that it was a "good source of calcium".  Unfortunately, I was unable to extract any calcium from this product after repeated tries.  It seems like all the container had in it was milk.  There were no included directions for extracting the alleged calcium.  On the bright side, the milk tasted good. Directions confusing.  I was unsure if italian cow was included or not.  When opened, contents under pressure and now on ceiling fan.  