Be advised this product comes in only one color....WHITE.What's the matter Tuscan Whole Milk?  Afraid of a little color in your life?  It's a different world now with President Obama in the "Whitehouse".  Even Eggs are available in Brown.Get with the times. I cannot say that Tuscan Whole Milk, 1 gal, 128 fl. oz. was entirely responsible for my winning the Sveriges Riksbank Nobel Prize in Economic Sciences. However, I would be remiss in not mentioning it. I was holed up in Bastion, with only two bullets left and a hoard of zombies ready to attack.I used the last of my bullets in a vain attempt to get as many as I could before I fell. It was then that the head zombie, a putrescent giant thing of immense incalculable doom, was shuffling towards me in what I could only assume would be my inevitable demise."This is it," I thought, "I am going to die". It was then I backed into something I did not expect. It was a 1 Gallon jug of Tuscan Whole milk.Who knew that Tuscan Whole Milk could decapitate the king zombie with just one mighty thrust, thus saving the entire world? I didn't. It was there to save the day... and my life.I owe my own existence...Nay, humanity's existence on this 128 fl oz jug of Tuscan Whole Milk. Dear Amazon,I never thought it would happen to me.  I don't normally get choked up writing a review, but this is special.  It was a cold, dark night that caught me by surprise.  I was awaiting the sweet kiss of sleepiness, but it continued to elude me.  Then I saw her from a far.  The Tuscan Whole Milk, 1 Gallon, 128 fl oz jug of liquid snooze.As I sat down to contemplate how best to consumer her, she spoke to me.  Her sweet lips kissed mine as I brought her close to me.  We exchanged pleasantries for just a brief moment before we were interlocked in the most orally-gratifying way possible.  Then it happened.My wife walked in and caught us.  My pants were at my waist but felt like they were at my ankles.  Her glistening helical axis screwing me just as I would do later to her.  I dropped everything, including my sweet Tuscan Whole Milk, 1 Gallon, 128 fl oz jug.She hit the floor, spilling her heart all over the floor.  I hurt her badly but did I end her?  No.  Her rugged exterior contained the damage and only her sweet elixir spilled.  I was able to grab hold of her before she emptied completely and before I knew it she was put back together.My wife walked over and took her from me.  I figured the worst would happen.  She would kick her to the curb with the rest of the trashy things we had in the house, but she didn't.  She looked at me deep in my eyes, took my lovely Tuscan Whole Milk, 1 Gallon, 128 fl oz jug in both hands and kissed her passionately - just as I had moments before."Is that what you wanted?" she cried.Without a single word that could come out of my mouth, a thought emerged.  A smile as big as the desert sun came across my face."I knew it!" she exclaimed as she walked to the bedroom, bringing our Tuscan Whole Milk, 1 Gallon, 128 fl oz jug with her."Grab the cookies," she said.  "We are going to have some fun."About an hour later I was exhausted.  My sweetness had done her job.  Sleep came quickly.  Thank you my lovely Tuscan Whole Milk, 1 Gallon, 128 fl oz jug.I recommend Tuscan Whole Milk, 1 Gallon, 128 fl oz if you need to experience life.  I know I did that night.  I may never see her again as she quickly became soured by our experience and ended up leaving when the city workers came by to take her away.  Her last gift a stain, white, on our driveway, and forever in my heart. Wholesome, white liquid from cow boobs taste great in coffee, on cereal, and pancake batter.  Not to be confused with Tattooine Farms Tuscan Raider Milk, also known as "Space Milk" or "Blue Milk" - which is supposedly made by sweat shops filled with illegal Jawas.Support your local cow boobs, drink Tuscan. My milk came by UPS via Amazon Super Saver shipping (great value!). Unfortunately, it arrived warm and mildly chunky. As such, I've had to downgrade my rating to only four stars. It's still the best milk $700 can buy -- well worth getting my stomach pumped immediately after having a warm bowl of cereal! If it wasn't for Tuscan Whole Milk, I'd still be alive today. But instead I'm forced to communicate with you through Amazon.com reviews... and only Amazon.com reviews.So anyway, I come home early from work the other morning and I go into the restroom and flip on the lights. I find a kitten frantically trying to open up the window. It was too heavy.  He was clearly breaking and entering.  I grab a hand gun that I hoped I would never have to use, and tell the kitten to "freeze!" and "keep your paws where I can see them!"  The kitten was breathing heavily and looking around the room trying to find anyway out of this horrible situation."Please don't kill me, this isn't what it looks like.", the kitten pleaded. "Look she approached me ok.  What was I going to do, say no? I mean I see you living hear in your perfect house with your perfect wife. Is it so wrong for me to want the same?  If I am the only creature on this earth guilty of envy then go ahead and shoot me right now.  End this horrible sin once and for all with me.At this point, frankly, I was stunned.  I mean... I couldn't speak. I just stood there frozen."But let me tell you this", the kitten continued.  "If you pull that trigger, some believe I will still have 8 more lives left and you better believe I will use each and every one them to sleep with your wife again. So don't waste your time."The feeling of rage was building up inside me. But I just couldn't pull the trigger."That's what I thought. You are no better than me.  Listen to that voice inside you.  What is it saying?  Haven't you ever envied anyone?  Look, if you shoot me you will regret it for the rest of your life."He was right.  What right did I have to criticize, let alone kill, this kitten for something that I too, in some ways, was guilty of?"That's better. Yes, put... put the gun down", the kitten said in a soft calming voice. "Now go in there and look at your wife. Look deep into her eyes and tell her that you love her.  If you took the time to do that every once in a while, then well, maybe we wouldn't be in this situation"I set the gun down and do what the kitten says. By this time, tears were streaming down both of our faces, eyes red, and lips quivering.The kitten, taking advantage of the situation, picks up the gun and holds it hard against the back of my head. "I'm sorry but I must do this. I can't live like this anymore... It's not even about her anymore man.  It's the Tuscan whole milk.  That's how she kept luring me in. I couldn't help myself. I'm hooked. My skin crawls if I'm away from it for only a moment. She is my only source, man! I'll do whatever I have to do for the creamiest, most delicious, whitest milk I've ever tasted!"  (He was totally right. I've had the milk. It is good.)Then, after a moment's pause... BANG!!!!I lifelessly drop to the floor and I find myself having what they call an out of body experience.The kitten slowly lowers the gun.  He looks at what he has done.  He backs up against the wall. Paw prints made with blood scatter the floor.  He decides he couldn't live this life anymore and turns the gun on himself.After several minutes of silence my wife enters the bathroom in the arms of her lesbian lover. Their plan worked perfectly. They knew it would. What kind of kitten could resist Tuscan Whole Milk. From the day they were approached in the alley by the kitten they knew this was their chance... their one chance to erase the life ahead of them and start fresh. They chopped up our bodies and stored them in the attic then headed to the airport with two tickets to Mexico. This chapter was all over. For them, a new one would begin tomorrow...I gave this milk 4 stars because quite frankly it has the best texture of any milk I've tasted. It is completely deserving of 5. However, I just couldn't give it 5 because I still blame it for my untimely death. However, it's hard to blame the milk. Maybe if we tried to create a better life for these strung-out kittens this kind of story wouldn't happen. Instead we reduce them to living in the alleys, shelling out sexual favor for one more lick of the sweet taste of Tuscan Whole Milk.  Should we expect less from these kittens? I stalked a person for an entire year at my former place of employment. I knew this persons schedule better than mine: what they ate; where they ate;how much they ate; where they worked; their salary; their favorite color; all of their relatives names and addresses; what color sheets they had on theirbed; their social security number; their bank PIN; the list goes on and on.I have several pictures of this person that I took- they are in a book that I keep in my ceiling- hidden behind the acoustic tiles.I also have some of their hair and item of clothing.On the 366th day I approached this person and buried a 14 ounce hammer into the top of their head. I then carried the body to my work- and threw itinto a smelter. I now believe that the body is part of a building in Oxford, Ohio.I still wear the article of clothing and look at the pictures.Oh, and for the milk? Still pretty refreshing after all that. Goes great with my oatmeal cookies. I have drunkthe milkthat was inthe iceboxand whichyou were probablysavingfor breakfast cerealForgive meit was deliciousso richand so cold Even with the recent heat wave adding a slew of unpalatable whites onto the market this notable vintage has caught my attention. I noticed its complexity right out of the gate. With notes of Grade C corn feed and subtle hints of bovine somatotropin (BST) its structure was one to be reckoned. With Strong legs to boot it veered mid-palate to jammy but was then roped back in by a smooth leather-like finish. I'll be looking for more from these producers in the years to come.Pair with beurre d'arachide  Be advised this product comes in only one color....WHITE.What's the matter Tuscan Whole Milk?  Afraid of a little color in your life?  It's a different world now with President Obama in the "Whitehouse".  Even Eggs are available in Brown.Get with the times. I cannot say that Tuscan Whole Milk, 1 gal, 128 fl. oz. was entirely responsible for my winning the Sveriges Riksbank Nobel Prize in Economic Sciences. However, I would be remiss in not mentioning it. I was holed up in Bastion, with only two bullets left and a hoard of zombies ready to attack.I used the last of my bullets in a vain attempt to get as many as I could before I fell. It was then that the head zombie, a putrescent giant thing of immense incalculable doom, was shuffling towards me in what I could only assume would be my inevitable demise."This is it," I thought, "I am going to die". It was then I backed into something I did not expect. It was a 1 Gallon jug of Tuscan Whole milk.Who knew that Tuscan Whole Milk could decapitate the king zombie with just one mighty thrust, thus saving the entire world? I didn't. It was there to save the day... and my life.I owe my own existence...Nay, humanity's existence on this 128 fl oz jug of Tuscan Whole Milk. Dear Amazon,I never thought it would happen to me.  I don't normally get choked up writing a review, but this is special.  It was a cold, dark night that caught me by surprise.  I was awaiting the sweet kiss of sleepiness, but it continued to elude me.  Then I saw her from a far.  The Tuscan Whole Milk, 1 Gallon, 128 fl oz jug of liquid snooze.As I sat down to contemplate how best to consumer her, she spoke to me.  Her sweet lips kissed mine as I brought her close to me.  We exchanged pleasantries for just a brief moment before we were interlocked in the most orally-gratifying way possible.  Then it happened.My wife walked in and caught us.  My pants were at my waist but felt like they were at my ankles.  Her glistening helical axis screwing me just as I would do later to her.  I dropped everything, including my sweet Tuscan Whole Milk, 1 Gallon, 128 fl oz jug.She hit the floor, spilling her heart all over the floor.  I hurt her badly but did I end her?  No.  Her rugged exterior contained the damage and only her sweet elixir spilled.  I was able to grab hold of her before she emptied completely and before I knew it she was put back together.My wife walked over and took her from me.  I figured the worst would happen.  She would kick her to the curb with the rest of the trashy things we had in the house, but she didn't.  She looked at me deep in my eyes, took my lovely Tuscan Whole Milk, 1 Gallon, 128 fl oz jug in both hands and kissed her passionately - just as I had moments before."Is that what you wanted?" she cried.Without a single word that could come out of my mouth, a thought emerged.  A smile as big as the desert sun came across my face."I knew it!" she exclaimed as she walked to the bedroom, bringing our Tuscan Whole Milk, 1 Gallon, 128 fl oz jug with her."Grab the cookies," she said.  "We are going to have some fun."About an hour later I was exhausted.  My sweetness had done her job.  Sleep came quickly.  Thank you my lovely Tuscan Whole Milk, 1 Gallon, 128 fl oz jug.I recommend Tuscan Whole Milk, 1 Gallon, 128 fl oz if you need to experience life.  I know I did that night.  I may never see her again as she quickly became soured by our experience and ended up leaving when the city workers came by to take her away.  Her last gift a stain, white, on our driveway, and forever in my heart. Wholesome, white liquid from cow boobs taste great in coffee, on cereal, and pancake batter.  Not to be confused with Tattooine Farms Tuscan Raider Milk, also known as "Space Milk" or "Blue Milk" - which is supposedly made by sweat shops filled with illegal Jawas.Support your local cow boobs, drink Tuscan. My milk came by UPS via Amazon Super Saver shipping (great value!). Unfortunately, it arrived warm and mildly chunky. As such, I've had to downgrade my rating to only four stars. It's still the best milk $700 can buy -- well worth getting my stomach pumped immediately after having a warm bowl of cereal! If it wasn't for Tuscan Whole Milk, I'd still be alive today. But instead I'm forced to communicate with you through Amazon.com reviews... and only Amazon.com reviews.So anyway, I come home early from work the other morning and I go into the restroom and flip on the lights. I find a kitten frantically trying to open up the window. It was too heavy.  He was clearly breaking and entering.  I grab a hand gun that I hoped I would never have to use, and tell the kitten to "freeze!" and "keep your paws where I can see them!"  The kitten was breathing heavily and looking around the room trying to find anyway out of this horrible situation."Please don't kill me, this isn't what it looks like.", the kitten pleaded. "Look she approached me ok.  What was I going to do, say no? I mean I see you living hear in your perfect house with your perfect wife. Is it so wrong for me to want the same?  If I am the only creature on this earth guilty of envy then go ahead and shoot me right now.  End this horrible sin once and for all with me.At this point, frankly, I was stunned.  I mean... I couldn't speak. I just stood there frozen."But let me tell you this", the kitten continued.  "If you pull that trigger, some believe I will still have 8 more lives left and you better believe I will use each and every one them to sleep with your wife again. So don't waste your time."The feeling of rage was building up inside me. But I just couldn't pull the trigger."That's what I thought. You are no better than me.  Listen to that voice inside you.  What is it saying?  Haven't you ever envied anyone?  Look, if you shoot me you will regret it for the rest of your life."He was right.  What right did I have to criticize, let alone kill, this kitten for something that I too, in some ways, was guilty of?"That's better. Yes, put... put the gun down", the kitten said in a soft calming voice. "Now go in there and look at your wife. Look deep into her eyes and tell her that you love her.  If you took the time to do that every once in a while, then well, maybe we wouldn't be in this situation"I set the gun down and do what the kitten says. By this time, tears were streaming down both of our faces, eyes red, and lips quivering.The kitten, taking advantage of the situation, picks up the gun and holds it hard against the back of my head. "I'm sorry but I must do this. I can't live like this anymore... It's not even about her anymore man.  It's the Tuscan whole milk.  That's how she kept luring me in. I couldn't help myself. I'm hooked. My skin crawls if I'm away from it for only a moment. She is my only source, man! I'll do whatever I have to do for the creamiest, most delicious, whitest milk I've ever tasted!"  (He was totally right. I've had the milk. It is good.)Then, after a moment's pause... BANG!!!!I lifelessly drop to the floor and I find myself having what they call an out of body experience.The kitten slowly lowers the gun.  He looks at what he has done.  He backs up against the wall. Paw prints made with blood scatter the floor.  He decides he couldn't live this life anymore and turns the gun on himself.After several minutes of silence my wife enters the bathroom in the arms of her lesbian lover. Their plan worked perfectly. They knew it would. What kind of kitten could resist Tuscan Whole Milk. From the day they were approached in the alley by the kitten they knew this was their chance... their one chance to erase the life ahead of them and start fresh. They chopped up our bodies and stored them in the attic then headed to the airport with two tickets to Mexico. This chapter was all over. For them, a new one would begin tomorrow...I gave this milk 4 stars because quite frankly it has the best texture of any milk I've tasted. It is completely deserving of 5. However, I just couldn't give it 5 because I still blame it for my untimely death. However, it's hard to blame the milk. Maybe if we tried to create a better life for these strung-out kittens this kind of story wouldn't happen. Instead we reduce them to living in the alleys, shelling out sexual favor for one more lick of the sweet taste of Tuscan Whole Milk.  Should we expect less from these kittens? I stalked a person for an entire year at my former place of employment. I knew this persons schedule better than mine: what they ate; where they ate;how much they ate; where they worked; their salary; their favorite color; all of their relatives names and addresses; what color sheets they had on theirbed; their social security number; their bank PIN; the list goes on and on.I have several pictures of this person that I took- they are in a book that I keep in my ceiling- hidden behind the acoustic tiles.I also have some of their hair and item of clothing.On the 366th day I approached this person and buried a 14 ounce hammer into the top of their head. I then carried the body to my work- and threw itinto a smelter. I now believe that the body is part of a building in Oxford, Ohio.I still wear the article of clothing and look at the pictures.Oh, and for the milk? Still pretty refreshing after all that. Goes great with my oatmeal cookies. I have drunkthe milkthat was inthe iceboxand whichyou were probablysavingfor breakfast cerealForgive meit was deliciousso richand so cold Even with the recent heat wave adding a slew of unpalatable whites onto the market this notable vintage has caught my attention. I noticed its complexity right out of the gate. With notes of Grade C corn feed and subtle hints of bovine somatotropin (BST) its structure was one to be reckoned. With Strong legs to boot it veered mid-palate to jammy but was then roped back in by a smooth leather-like finish. I'll be looking for more from these producers in the years to come.Pair with beurre d'arachide  