  Its hard to post an evaluation of an item that you hope you will never use.  It came with a pressure gauge that indicated it was properly charged, and I presume it has the advertised amount of powder inside.  It also looks exactly like the picture.  I would have given it five stars except that it comes with a bracket, but no mounting hardware.  This violates the prime directive of Amazon, as I now have to go to a store and buy something in order to properly use this product. This "review" is regarding this item being listed as a Prime Eligible item - not for the actual product itself. That being the case I'm rating the product 4 stars - the average rating for the product at this time so as not to skew the overall rating of the product. I refuse to be that guy that rates a product with 1-star because of an issue that has nothing to do with the product itself. Moving on...At the time of this review this product indicates that it takes 3-5 days for this fire extinguisher to ship, but also notes that the item is prime eligible.So, if you're like me, you'll figure your time frame for delivery would be 5-7 days. The time it takes to ship, plus the 2 day shipping from amazon prime...but you'd be mistaken...well...with the math anyway.Imagine my surprise after I ordered this on Wednesday (It was a lightning deal for $44.47) that I got a shipment notification later on the same day. Very cool, I thought, I'll probably get it on Friday because one of the perks of Prime is that we get Free 2-day shipping. It says so, right on the amazon prime information page.Friday's here so I went to track the package, but what's this? The estimated delivery date is next Wednesday. That's weird, I thought. Obviously I was mistaken and overlooked the fact that this item wasn't prime eligible. I logged in to check, but sure enough, it shows that it's a Prime eligible product.I reached out to customer service via chat and spoke to a representative about this. The rep (Nella) explained that because this product is considered hazardous there are extra precautions that have to be taken to ship it, and as such it takes longer to get it to the customer. She added that the perk of Prime on this item is that it has free standard shipping.Unfortunately I got tied up and was idle for too long and the chat session got closed and I received a follow up e-mail which I responded to with content similar to this review.As we all know - one of the perks we pay for with Prime is the Free 2-day shipping. When we see the Prime logo on something - we know we'll get it fast! But that's not the case here and I just wanted to make sure folks were informed about that before making the purchase.As a side note: I am in no way seeking any form of compensation from Amazon for this, which I also stated in my follow up with them after my chat session. I wasn't in a rush for this item at all - and even so I'm still going to get the item within the time frame I originally anticipated - but I feel that it should be noted somewhere on this product's description page that although it's listed as Prime eligible it does not get 2-day shipping.If Amazon receives my feedback and updates the product's description with this information then I will happily remove this review. I got these for a fire safety inspection, prior to foster parent licensing.  These are just what the fire inspectors wanted.I like that the mounting hook came with it.  Only gave 4 stars, because I have not had to actually use it.  Hope I never will. There was a zip tie locking the pin in. I don't know if I am supposed to remove that but I did. I guess a little more info on how to use this item would be useful. I can't give it a true review until I use it, but I hope I will never need to. Since I haven't had to use it, I'll just say that it seems like it's well built, and will be a good extinguisher for the kitchen area. Maybe a little big for auto, but if you need it, you don't want to run short. It stands, ready for action, in the cabinet under my kitchen sink.  Hopefully, it will do the job should I ever need it.As the directions don't state, and for those who don't know, you should leave the plastic safety tie and metal pin in place.  Don't remove the tie or the pin.  They signify that the extinguisher has not been discharged and are a safety device to prevent an accidental discharge.  When the time comes, your strength, or any adult strength, can easily break that tie when pulling or twisting the pin.  The tie is not like a Ziploc tie!  It is a special break-away safety tie -- note the little beads on it -- they break away easily for an adult, but not for a young child.I can't give it 5 stars because I won't know until I need it if it will actually work. Happily, I do not know if this thing will put out a fire.  I can tell you, thought, that I bought this one to replace one exactly like it that held its pressure for nearly 10 years.  For most of us that is the main thing, for it to be charged when we (hopefully never) need it. The product came well packaged with not marks or damage. It came ready to hang with a bracket that was included. The package also contained a large sticker so you can place above the extinguisher for more visibility of its location. Please note that I have not actually deployed the fire extinguisher for obvious reasons. The price was average. My last one prevented my back yard from burning up.I only wish that you could recharge them cheaper.Unfortunately  they are not worth recharging. The extinguisher is fine but the box did not contain the inspection tag! Is there any way I can get one. I need it to get the CO for my home.  