I want to hear Peter singing. I want to hear my mother's voice, voices of the people I love. Dad's voice, which I have heard, of course, but will not remember. I want to hear some of my favorite music. Back at Thanksgiving, you asked me what songs I remembered, and all of my music is from the '60s. I want to hear what's happened to music in 40 years. Some? Want to hear some 50 Cent? Do you mean two quarters clinging together? I've never heard of the rapper 50 Cent. I want to hear everything. A favorite song of mine that I love to hear is "Amazing Grace." Do you know that? I can't sing it on tune. [SINGING] Amazing grace, how sweet the sound, that saved a soul like me. I once was lost, but now I'm found, was blind but now I see. [END SINGING] This song, of course, far predates my deafness, but I learned it just before I lost my hearing. I'd say, ahhh. How are you feeling? The rest? T-R-U-N-S. What is T-R-U-N-S? The rust? You'll have to brush your teeth. Humor me and drink this. This has extra energy in it. I see the skeptical side of you coming to [UNINTELLIGIBLE], and I think that, for your skin condition, I think it would be healing for you. The entities have really given their energy into this water. They've raised the frequency vibration. And it's a different vibration of [? frequence. ?] It's a charged water, let's call it. I don't know. Over a period of days of drinking one or the other, I would feel the difference. But talking about the whole program here, Davy, this is-- I know you respect me. This is consistent with everything that I know and have learned in the past 15 years. The frequency of vibration of these tools is raised so high that they simply become energy and light. Material is transmuted literally into light. And then, as the instrument withdraws the tool, he releases that energy thrust into it and it turns back into the metal that it was. The thing is, can you open your heart to the possibility that this is real, and that in three or four years you could be healed if you do what you need to do? Do you know what I mean? We probably do. We're two different people. I used to see the world the way you do and I've learned some things by banging my head against the wall and then stopping because I realized it wasn't getting me anywhere. I don't. And I'm not going to argue that one with you. I don't know, Davy. I would hope that you can just say, let's see what happens. You don't think you would come back even though he says he can cure you? That's up to you. That's entirely up to you. That's hard for me to understand why. I can feel my voice going up and down. Suddenly, I have some sense of where the notes are. It's completely different. It's like hearing. It's just vibration. I'm hearing it. I've got to get the tunes, the notes. [SINGING] Amazing grace, how sweet the sound, that saved a soul like me. [END SINGING]