There's not much to talk about. Yeah I did. The woman in the records department made a photocopy of my medical records from when I got admitted. And there wasn't anything too surprising or anything in there. But it was still interesting to read. But they said I was discovered at approximately 6:00 PM. I guess this was the next day. Yeah I don't know why-- Yeah, because I should have checked out around noon I guess. But they said I was unconscious and unresponsive. I was reading the paramedics report. And I was pale, cold and clammy. And I was breathing only six respirations per minute, which is very slow. And they said they found pill bottles and a bottle of alcohol in the room. And they cleared my airway and started administering oxygen. Then they gave me a two milliliters IV of something called Narcan, which is an antidote for opiates like morphine. I think it would have. And I mean maybe I didn't take enough. Because I mean, morphine is very serious. It's very hard core. It's very easy to OD on it. It's hard core, man. And I guess it was like really late that night, or even early the next morning, when I guess they were about to transfer me and I woke up. And the attendant who wrote this report said that I said I was disappointed to be alive, and that I had passed out before I could take the morphine. Although there would seem to be some incongruities with the reports. I guess those paramedics and hospital staff can really hastily fill stuff out. They can really take a lot of license. My own mom's coroner's report was really-- it had some gross inconsistencies in it or errors. My brother says coroners often just make stuff up if they can't find certain causes, like cause of death I guess. Oh, no. I hadn't really thought of that. I brought her up just because they made some errors on hers, just like they had with mine. But with me I don't think it was anything really major. Same thing. Pretty much. I'm too much of a wimp to try other things, like other things that might be more violent but less immediate. I don't like violence in practice. I'd say it's selfish in the same sense that going to a therapist is selfish. You have a problem and you're doing something about it. You're doing something about it in the way you feel like coping with it. I don't think in the end people should live for other people. They should really live for themselves. Just like you shouldn't go to school for a decade to become a doctor or a lawyer or whatever just because your parents want you be that. Because you want to do it, your parents want you to do it. You should live your life as you want, as you see fit. Yeah I'll admit that was rather selfish. I mean I know that people were wondering what the heck is up. I could have sat down for probably what would have been several hours to type something up. I just really, at that point in time, I was just very fed up and impatient and just wanted it all to end. I just didn't want to screw around with anything else. I could have also cleaned my room first too. There's what I probably rode in. Cost over $800 to be transported from-- Yeah, according to their timetable it took them eight minutes to get from there to there. Yeah that's an appreciable distance I guess. It's worth eight minutes. Two milligrams, two tiny milligrams of Narcan opiate antidote is $6. The only viable way, so to speak. I don't get the impression most people are that happy anyway. They just grind their way through life. And they'll have kids and that'll give them an artificial reason to live for a while. And then the kids grow up and forget about them. I know the mind is a really powerful thing. People can do just about anything they really put their minds to. But it also takes a tremendous amount of self-motivation. As my therapist says, it has to come from within. And there doesn't feel like there's much within, you know? I was brought up in a Protestant family as a Lutheran. And I haven't renounced that faith. I just feel I've stumbled in a big way. And I haven't gotten up. Or haven't been able to get up. And I'm hoping that I'll just go to heaven after I die. But of course there is a lingering fear of hell because it's highly stigmatized, suicide. Yeah. Geez. I would have loved to-- I probably shouldn't run with this thing. I don't know if it can record while being jostled. We are now running to try to catch the train. We are running past lions. We're now up on the tracks. Here come the lights. Oh brother. I have a penny or two. You give it up homeboy. No. Hardly remember the last time. It's probably been almost ten years. Came close though in December of '92 when I came home after visiting my grandma over Christmas time when my grandma had showed us a bunch of pictures of my biological mom and told us some stories about her. There were photos I don't think I'd ever seen and stories I don't think I'd ever heard. So I came home, and I was taking a shower late that night. And while I was in the shower, I really wept just a little bit, but it wasn't really full-fledged. Oh there's nine more minutes. I can't think of anything else to say. I'm not the kind of guy who can just rattle off his famous last words or big words of advice. I guess I'd say don't have kids unless you had a good relationship with your own parents I guess. Because you can seriously screw them up by saying negative things to them or even neglecting them. Apparently that's a highly debated cause of sudden infant death syndrome, not giving your baby enough physical attention.