Most creatures on Earth are living inside an enemy. And they are trying to fight that enemy, trying to survive, trying to outwit. Sure, well the lancet fluke is a kind of flat worm. It starts out as an egg on the ground. And a snail comes along and eats the egg. And it irritates the snail system so eventually it coughs it up. And so there you have this clump of snail goo with a parasite in it. And while it's disgusting to us, to an ant there's nothing more delicious than snail goo. So the ant comes along, and it eats the snail goo and the parasite along with it. Well it's not too obvious at first. I mean it's not like the parasite wants to take in a better view. The thing is that there are these grazing mammals, sheep, cows. And that's one of their favorite grazing times, towards the end of the day. So the ant goes up there. Sheep comes along, chews on the grass. The ant gets eaten, chewed up, dies. But the flukes inside the ant, they can survive the digestive acids in the sheep's stomach. And actually sheep are where they like to live. They are their final host. Yeah, there are actually some parasites that go through six or seven different animals to get through their life cycle. It's mind boggling. Yeah I think because in a sense they are using us, or using other animals or other hosts in such an intentional way. And they seem to know so much. How does, say, a tapeworm inside a fish know that if it makes it flick and flail in a certain way that it'll be easier for a bird to see it so they can get inside that bird where it wants to be? It's amazing. And not only do they not have brains, a lot of them don't even have nerves. So it's just this sinister chemical wisdom they have. Yeah, this is a particularly creepy one. The parasite in question is called an isopod, which is a kind of crustacean. It looks like a little pill bug or something but it lives in the water. And what it does is it swims into the mouth of a snapper, a fish. And when it's in there, it eats that fish's tongue. It just devours the tongue completely. But just the tongue. It stops there. Well, it's funny because it disturbs us when we talk about that when it comes to parasites, but I mean why doesn't it disturb when we talk about a lion? We name football teams after lions. But we don't name football teams after tapeworms. You don't have the Chicago Tapeworms or something like that. We don't want to think about it. But we admire these predators. But what are these predators doing? These predators are taking advantage of these other life forms. They're just eating them from the outside I guess you could say. But I mean to my mind, it's just a lot more cool when they're on the inside trying to figure out how to how to make this work. I was sort of amazed by blood flukes. They cause this disease called bilharzia or schistosomiasis. And you have to be careful if you were to swim in the pond, say in Tanzania, chances are there are these blood flukes swimming around. And they look like a little missile. They're whipping around through the water looking for human skin. And they plunge in. They have these little chemicals on their surface that let them burrow their way into your skin like it was butter or something. And then they will travel through the arteries. And they might go through your body like three times before they end up in the place they want to be, which is your liver. Yeah I mean they are incredibly monogamous. These parasites aren't just faithful to each other. They are physically connected to each other for their whole life. And a scientist will sometimes try to pull them apart, see what happens. They crawl right back together again. I see a lot of things as being like parasites. Parasites are the most successful life form on Earth. And there could be as many as three parasites for every one free living species. It's hard to say. And if you're not a species that is living inside another thing, then you're a species with something living inside of you. I'd say the parasites have the upper hand because they're just doing so very well. Sure, yeah, I mean they have the most species. They're getting around all these defenses. I mean there are things they do that either we don't know how they do it, or if we know how they do it, we can't reproduce it. We just stand in awe of it. Well then maybe you're over-selling your brain. I mean the brain is a wonderful thing but these parasites are able to pull the strings in those brains in a lot of cases. Say for example, a rat. Rats are very smart animals. I mean they know how to learn. They know how to figure out their surroundings. But there is a parasite called toxoplasma, a single cell parasite. And they pick it up on the ground. And when it gets into them, they suddenly lose their fear of the smell of cats. Otherwise they're totally the same. Then the cat eats them. And then toxoplasma gets into its final host, which is a cat. So even though you have a brain, you're still being pushed toward your doom by this single cell parasite. I think I'm on the parasite's side when it comes to getting a bad rap. I'm their PR man. Well, it's funny, I have not gotten seriously sick in my life, knock on wood. And I have actually gone to places where there are a lot of parasites around in order to report on how people are dealing with them. And I didn't get sick. I was really scared, but I didn't get sick. I didn't get malaria. I didn't get river blindness. I didn't get sleeping sickness. Who knows? Maybe they think I'm here to serve their purpose.  Most creatures on earth are living inside an enemy. And they are trying to fight that enemy, trying to survive, trying to outwit.  Sure. Well, the lancet fluke is kind of a flatworm. It starts out as an egg on the ground, and a snail comes along and eats the egg. And it kind of irritates the snail's system, so that eventually it kind of coughs it up. And so there you have this sort of clump, kind of snail goo, with the parasite in it. And while it's disgusting to us, to an ant, there's nothing more delicious than snail goo. So the ant comes along and it eats the snail goo and the parasite along with it.  Well it's not too obvious at first. I mean, it's not like the parasite wants to take in a better view. The thing is that there are these grazing mammals. Sheep, cows. And that's one of their favorite grazing times, towards the end of the day.  Yeah, there are actually some parasites that go through six or seven different animals to get through their life cycle. It's mind boggling.  Yeah. Because they, I think, because in a sense they are using us. Or are using other animals or other hosts in such an intentional way. And they seem to know so much.  Yeah, this is a particularly creepy one. The parasite in question is called an isopod, which is a kind of crustacean. It looks like a little pill bug or something. But it lives in the water.  Well you know, it's funny because it disturbs us when we talk about that when it comes to parasites. But, I mean, why doesn't it disturb us when we talk about a lion. We name football teams after lions, but we don't name football teams after tapeworms. You don't have the Chicago Tapeworms or something that. We don't want to think about it.  I see a lot of things as being like parasites. Parasites are the most successful life form on Earth. And it could be as many as three parasites for every one free living species, it's hard to say. And if you're not a species that is living inside another thing, then you're a species with something living inside of you.  I'd say the parasites have the upper hand because they're just doing so very well.  Sure. Yeah. I mean, they have the most species, they're getting around all these defenses. I mean, there are things they do that either we don't know how they do it or if we know how they do it we can't reproduce it. We just stand in awe of it.  Then maybe you're overselling your brain. I mean, the brain is a wonderful thing, but these parasites are able to pull the strings in those brains in a lot of cases. Say, for example, you know, a rat. Rats are very, very smart animals. They know how to learn, they know how to figure out their surroundings.  I think I'm on the parasites' side when it comes to getting a bad rep. I'm their PR man.  You know, it's funny. I have not gotten seriously sick in my life, knock on wood. And I have actually gone to places where there are a lot of parasites around in order to report on how people are dealing with them. And I didn't get sick. I was really scared, but I didn't get sick. I didn't get malaria, I didn't get river blindness, I didn't get sleeping sickness.  Who knows. Maybe they think I'm here to serve their purpose.