 We were sitting at home, and I don't know what we were--  Starving. No, we weren't starving.  Well, you were hungry that day.  Yeah. And the phone rang and it was our manager, Mace Neufeld, and he said, guess what? What? I got you on The Ed Sullivan Show. And we let out a scream because that was THE show. It's like today, young comics want to get on--  Jay Leno, Dave Letterman. Well, this was--  Bigger. If you got a shot on Ed Sullivan, you had a shot at stardom. We were just so thrilled. And immediately, we started to work on the piece of material that we selected for The Ed Sullivan Show. And we rehearsed and rehearsed, and we fine-tuned it. We ran down to The Horn in Santa Monica. We broke it in. It got a lovely, lovely reaction. And we told everybody. In fact, I think I sky-wrote it over Hollywood. We're on The Ed Sullivan Show. Yoo-hoo!  And we were on our way.  We were just in awe of Frank Gorshin, a great, great, great impressionist--  --And The Riddler on Batman.  I think it was something for Frank Gorshin. I shined his shoes. And I was so in awe. So, we get to New York and we go to rehearsal by taxi. And there's thousands of people in the streets, clamoring and--  Yeah. Cordoned. And I looked at Mitzi and I said, my god, all this for Frank Gorshin.  By all the executives.  And they have an audience. We didn't know. We were coming down in our bathrobes with hair curlers. And we go through our act.  The punchline.  Because we don't want to reveal the punchline. We want the band to laugh. And we don't want-- it was a secret, our punchlines. So we used to go-- and here we are. And Mitzi, by the way, blah, blah, blah. So then we schlep upstairs to our dressing room and we hear in the loudspeaker, McCall and Brill, Mr. Sullivan's office please. McCall and Brill. So we go down and we go into Mr. Sullivan's office and there he was--  --Ed Sullivan. He was sitting in the chair, getting made up. And I looked at the man who could make our entire careers. So he said, what you did in dress rehearsal-- first of all, I don't get the blah, blah, blahs. Is that-- I'm not getting that. And we said, no, Mr. Sullivan. Those are our punchlines and we want them to be fresh.  Sketches.  Yeah, sketches.  In the first sketch. We'll put her in the second sketch. But then you do the other girl that you did in the third sketch in the second sketch.  That's what you end with. Now we went, uh, OK.  We were in a daze. We didn't really know what he said. Should we put the first--  If we take the first girl and put it in the third-- and then there was a knock on the door. The door was open, but there was a knock. And there's this guy standing there with funny hair and granny glasses. And he said--  Give us a coke-luv. And I looked at Mitzi and I said, this guy wants a glove or something. I'm not sure what he wants. And he started to laugh and he said, no, give us a coke-luv.  The Coke machine. And I said, oh yeah, well come in. It's all yours. And he said, can you give me a dime? 10 cents. And I said, oh, I got to buy you the Coke as well? OK.  Yeah.  While he's talking to us, he takes out of his pocket a napkin and a pen and he's drawing me. He's looking at me and he's drawing me. That's nice. And he did some pictures of me and Mitzi on napkins.  We haven't put the first character in the third sketch and the second in the-- and he left. And we looked at each other and said, OK, now. What are we doing? McCall and Brill, McCall and Brill, onstage for the show.  We were on The Ed Sullivan Show with The Beatles.  We didn't realize that's what the crowds were for. Because, to be very honest, we didn't really know who The Beatles were.  Honest to God, my hand to God, I tell you-- we couldn't hear them. The screams, all through what they did, were so loud I never got a chance to hear what they sounded like, who was singing.  Yeah, I'd heard about Sinatra at the Paramount. People were screaming. But this, I never heard or saw such bedlam in my life. Now, when they're finished, the screams keep going on.  Well, think about it. Think it over.  OK.  No. We were too nervous of what we were going to do.  I mean, I knew they were a hit.  Our careers were at stake here.  We were in a daze. But we heard him introduce us. We walked out. Now, the screams came on because they wanted The Beatles.  Yes.  I think I said it.  Miss Tidy, would you come into my office right away please?  Miss Tidy, I am having a terrible time trying to find a young actress to star in my next motion picture.  Now, are the young ladies outside waiting to be interviewed?  Just one at a time, Miss Tidy.  Well, I'm really not interested.  It was two years.  We were there for two years. We started at 24. We didn't know what we were doing. We didn't know if we finished the act or didn't finish the act. But the band leader had the punchline and he played, tada. And now, you want to see a couple of Jews standing there so nervous, looking to see if--  --Ed would call us over because that's what makes you. Did he call us over? No.  We were looking at each other saying, did he motion to us? Wasn't that a motion?  It wasn't. Get off.  No we knew-- into the toilet.  We just didn't want to go home.  But that night we felt so bad. And Frank Gorshin was nice enough to take us to Downey's.  Sardi's. And we had a drink and he said, don't worry. This is not the end of your lives. And we said, oh my God.  It made me quite ill. Miss Tidy, send in the next young lady, please.  What happened?  You know something, Mitz? We were a hit.  We were a hit. Look at us, cute.  We were in the midst of greatness. We didn't know it. People would come up to us and say, wasn't that you that was on The Beatles show? And we said, yes, yes, waiting for them to say, boy, did you suck. And they went, oh my God, you're famous.  I said to Dixie.  Mitzi, Mitzi. I said to Mitzi, let's go to Florida.  I think I may have.  No, nobody.  No, there's no Dixie.  It was a slip. OK--  Forget the Dixie.  Anyway, I said to Mitzi--  What you did in dress rehearsal-- first of all, I don't get the blah, blah, blahs. Is that-- I'm not getting that.