 I had a high enough GPA that I could flunk every class in eighth grade all the way through, and I would still graduate. Even if I had turned in nothing, I would have had a D average for that semester. And the D average would turn into an overall B average overall. And so, I had no reason to go. So I didn't go.  There were lots of days where I just didn't do any work at all. And I would just sit through class and wait for the bell to ring, and give the appearance that I was working, or copy off people, or things like that, and so.  No.  No. I don't really read, so.  That's something that they could point at, though. I mean, I wasn't giving them anything they could point at. So if I did something like that, then they could say, well he was reading while we were supposed to be working.  That would be deliberately defying their instructions.  Right. There's nothing really they can do.  Of course. Because high school, you're working towards the rest of your life. You're working toward what college you'll go to, and what college you go to decides what career you choose. But middle school? My counselor reassured me that it doesn't count for anything. That this will be all disregarded after this year is over.  He came into my room and, "Where the hell have you been?" And back and forth about, what were you doing, what were you thinking, what was your logic for this? And that's when I really told him. I had enough credits to graduate, and I didn't need to pass any more classes. There's no point.  She asked me if I did my homework last night, and I said no. And she asked me why, and I said, because I don't want to. And she said, OK, well are you planning on doing it? And I said, if I feel like it. So she sent me to the office. I was no, really polite about it. I said, well, there's no point. So she sent me to the office. It wasn't like I was trying to be mean to her about it. I mean she even told my mom later that, well, he was really polite about it.  I was in the office, and I had been waiting in the focus room, which is basically a room with a table and a chair in it. And I was probably in there--  Yeah.  I guess.  There was one window, that had no handles on them. There's no way to get out besides the door.  Well, the window, but-- They actually took the handle out of the window. And it was hot in there. And I'd probably been in there for an hour and a half, to close to two hours. And then my dad came.  Throwing in the towel, yeah, he used that a lot.  It was his favorite analogy. I probably hear that about 10 times a week.  You can't throw in the towel.  You can't throw in the towel. Can't throw in the towel. I mean I would hear it over and over. I could hear it coming. I could be like, oh here comes the towel. I could mouth it, I could mouth the words.  I was. And I was enjoying it.  He deals with kids who have problems like that every day. And so, he's an expert. It's like, it's trying to beat Michael Jordan on a one-on-one, you know.  Well actually, yeah.  When he told me that he didn't know if it was right. That was the moment when I thought, I really beat Michael Jordan.  [LAUGHTER] Did he say how he would bribe me?  He thought-- oh, so he was trying to bribe me with the Chicago trip?  Is that what he said?  Well, I guess that it-- I look at it now, and I guess yeah, he did bribe me.  I think it's kind of bad when you're bribing your kids. I mean--  So you think that sometimes you just got to do the wrong thing, to get him to go and do the right thing overall?  A present? It's now a present?  For me, I would have said, then don't go to school. And I think I would have, actually. If he had let me stay home from school maybe a week? And I would just, I mean-- I couldn't have done it. I don't think I could have stayed home from school for the rest of the year.  It's kind of like, if you ever have been homesick, you know. You think it's going to be so great. But then after the first couple days, it's like, oh, I just want to get back to school.  Right. It would. I know the days that I stayed home it felt weird. I mean, I couldn't answer the phone. I couldn't be seen. I felt like I was hiding. I mean I was hiding. It felt-- it just didn't feel right.  I realized it at the time. I thought that if my dad had let me stay home, I would've stayed home for probably only a week at the very most. And I would have gone back to school. It's kind of like, if you gave me that much control, then I might be less rebellious.  "Can't throw in the towel. Can't throw in the towel."