[SPEAKING CHINESE] [SPEAKING CHINESE] In Chinese, I just say the side without the ball. And she had this piece of paper with a job description. "NBA player seeks full-time interpreter. Looking for a native English speaker, fluent in mandarin Chinese, interested in basketball." It was like, yeah, right. You know, at the airport at first, there weren't that many people, and all of a sudden, you get this whole lobby. It's just crowded. And the people are surrounding him, and you know, I had to get up and translate right away. He had to give a few brief statements to the crowd. And we had never met. After waiting such a long time, it's like opening a door and having a breath of fresh air. Yeah, you're right here. Wait! Excuse me. Hey, wait, wait, wait! Excuse me. Let me translate, please. Thank you. He seems like a spider, [INAUDIBLE] He's got strong arms and strong legs. Spider. [SPEAKING CHINESE] Yeah, like a spider. They don't need me that much. Watch and cheer and try not to say too much. I've got to be careful. I'm a very enthusiastic fan. But I need to maintain a professional demeanor, I suppose. Oh, come on! Argh! Yeah. We're going to go to Burger King right now. Right. I don't know. Here, talk to Yao Ming. I'm going crazy here. Hey Angie, it's Colin. I just wanted to find, when is a good time? When am I going to be able to give you this stuff? After the game, or? Like, the tea, and I have something I need to give you, and I think I have a check from Yao Ming or his mother-- It also felt like, you know, they were being very nice in offering, and I thought I didn't want to offend them by turning them down. But it made sense. It just made a lot of sense. No, no, no, no, no, no no, no, no, no. [SPEAKING CHINESE] He can't beat me, so I'm the one who's always hogging it. There were lots of times, especially on the road, you know, we'd have dinner in a hotel room, and we'd talk. And we'd say-- I would get stressed out over a press conference or something, and I'd tell him, you know, this is why I'm stressed. And he'd do his best to help me after that. I've had girls pass me cards. Not often. It's not like-- the players get it all the time, I'm sure. But consciously and subconsciously, there's part of me that is really wary of the whole thing. You know, I want somebody to like me for the witty, intelligent, charming person that I am. Oh, it's me again. [SINGING IN CHINESE] [SINGING] Still friends. [SPEAKING CHINESE] If you don't mind, and you don't mind me stealing your girlfriend, then it's OK.