Can you have 20-- No. I feel his presence there constantly. But it's like sitting in a room with somebody, and you're reading a book, and they're reading a book. And you don't always have to talk to each other. You just feel the other person's presence. And if it's somebody you really love, there's a comfort in that presence. It's not that kind of relationship. Yes, he's a friend, a very dear friend. But it's more a revered teacher than a pal. Do we still-- Makin'? What does Aaron do when we make love? I've noticed that he averts his gaze. That's the one time that he's really not around, although if I called on him, he would be. But I don't feel his presence or energy. Gently bring your attention to the touch of the breath. When I first lost my hearing, it was devastating. It was totally cut off. There was no communication at all, just a sense of being totally isolated from the world. And Dad was totally overwhelmed by it. He couldn't talk to me. I could talk to him, because he could hear me. He couldn't talk back to me. So we had so much anger. And this anger kept me out. Probably ask them one at a time. Start there. I have lived in every color of body, male, female, arctic climates and tropic, in deserts and wilderness and mountains. And so have you. But you don't remember them. I do. I would not phrase it quite that way. First, I can not prove that I'm real, and it's not necessary. Certainly, she could have invented me. In my experience, that's not what happened, because I exist. Mike channeled-- No, my experience is that anybody can learn how to channel. As I said, it's like playing basketball. Doing it is easy. Doing it well is hard. Davy, Dad was channeling too. True. Dad was channeling. We had 20 people here, and about 18 of them ended up channeling by the end of the weekend. Ask Dad. Is Hal down there? Hal, come on around here. So you remember channeling? Beautiful, was it? You're saying? Hal, I would strongly suggest that you not take Davy up on that challenge. I'm asking for respect for the process. I have no idea. I don't experience him as a part of me. He says he won't play that game. That's for you to decide. He says he is averting his eyes. He is choosing not to look at it. I think Dad and I would have been divorced. I'm not sure. Maybe not. I'm not sure.