 My parents claim that she would drive up and down the Garden State Parkway and take the azalea bushes off the side of the freeway, and take them home. Because she felt that they were free.  Aunt Mary had a tremendous cackle. It really was like a sort of room-stopping sound that as a kid she always appeared to me like sort of the joker from the Batman TV show.  Uncle Vito had a refrigerator of his own in the garage and Aunt Mary had her refrigerator in the kitchen.  I guess Aunt Mary did not really care for Uncle Vito's children, her stepchildren. And so she put a padlock on the refrigerator in their house, so as to keep Vito's children out of it. And so Uncle Vito decided that it would just be easier to keep his own set of food and drink in the garage. And beyond that, he I guess actually built his own sort of, like, Italian, manly palace in the garage, where he had a couch, and a television showing sports games, and, you know, a little rug. And that was his sanctuary.  The two of them, they kind of would compete with each other. It was sort of like a little hosting duel. I remember that Aunt Mary would say to my father, "Hey, would you like a beer?" And you couldn't refuse Aunt Mary, so he would say, sure.  She'd give him a beer, and it would have rust on the top. And it was like a really old, cheap beer.  You know, I do. You know why? Because my mom describes her Aunt Mary's hygienic habits around her own home, in that she never used soap to wash dishes. Ever. She'd just rinse them. And she let her dog, you know, lick all the dishes. And the one time that my mother--  Well, I think it is. Because my mother was so horrified one time at the prospect that the dishes weren't really washed with soap, that she went under the sink to find dish detergent. And when she did, she opened the container and started pouring it into the dishwasher, and rust came out. And so--  I think there's a lot of rust.  Well, no-- I mean sure, there's probably some exaggeration. But there's so many Aunt Mary stories that are equally outrageous, if not more outrageous, that I can't help but believe that there is certainly more than a kernel of truth in these details.  I remember, you know, Aunt Mary setting out the whole spread, and a lot of, you know, cold cuts and salami and pepperoni and cheeses. And I guess there were two different kinds of cheese from which you could choose. Somehow, Uncle Vito's cheese, the nicer cheese, provolone, had found its way onto the table. And maybe something that we didn't always get at home too often. But Aunt Mary was very insistent that we choose one kind of cheese, the American cheese.  But that's all, it was just a look--  Just a look.  I don't remember any shared glance. And my mom says that if there was, she can only think, in retrospect, that that's sort of the maximum gesture that they would have shared between each other. Because Aunt Mary was so, you know, owl-eyed. At the most, they had a split second sustained eye contact. That's it.  Nothing else happens. And we spend the afternoon and we return back home to Staten Island. That's it.  So a few years after this, Aunt Mary passes away and my family, my whole extended family, gets together for the reading of the will. And Aunt Marian is my mom's youngest sister, is actually the executor of the will. So she gets to read the will to everybody that's there. And to everyone's great surprise, Aunt Mary actually had $100,000 with which to will.  I don't know, my father maintains that he saw her washing her underwear out in the sink, so.  Well, again. See, you would think that that's just kind of a crazy story. But then they said that after she died and they had to go through her things, they found cupboards full of underwear in plastic that she'd never touched.  All right. Packages, several packages.  So she had actually amassed $100,000 with which to will. And she had ten nieces and nephews. And so $10,000 for each.  Only after going through the full gamut of emotions from embarrassment, to humiliation, to tears, to anger, were they even able to process and think-- could it really be the cheese? Could it really be? And then they had to think, well, there was nothing else.  Yeah, my read on it is that Aunt Mary-- who is really a tough cookie, a tough woman, who I think didn't really show her emotions-- I think because she had this crazy dream where she was humiliated and laughed at for not giving the good cheese to my sister, I think that it made her so vulnerable. I mean, my mom says it was the only time that she ever, ever heard her cry. And so I think Aunt Mary-- that that well of emotions came out. And I think she felt really angry that someone could make her question what she'd choose to do, and put her in that kind of position. That, I guess, she just never forgot that she had been exposed that way.  Right. Well, and I think a different kind of person-- it might have been like, this small thing could have been a revelation where they changed the way they are. But I think for her, that was not going to happen.  Yes. Yeah, this story, it's on the greatest hits. And actually at the time-- during the day, during the time that cheese happened at lunch-- nobody even thought about it afterwards. And the story was not shared at all. But it only really became this big story to share over and over again because Aunt Mary took it to heart. And, you know, paid everybody back. And, if anything, I think it probably makes all the sort of odd, funny things about her that we talked about earlier on become even bigger, as well.  Well, yeah. It's almost like you're trying to sleuth out why it happened. So you start going back to the beginning-- going, oh OK, well she was always eccentric. And we were always intimidated by her. And then there are probably other funny family stories. But the Aunt Mary stories take on this whole life of their own.  Right, although you do get lionized with some amusing qualities.  Right. We get the last word, but there can be no rebuttal.