Are you filming me?  All the way? That camera has everything on it, everything. You named the one thing it doesn't have.  Let Simi talk. These screwdrivers are [UNINTELLIGIBLE]. No, that isn't the one I want.  Just a minute.  I'm going to go down and get-- Johnny, please, excuse me. Is that turning? That's OK. That's turning. That's turning. Chicken soup? Oh yeah, it's good. But he's not Jackie Mason. Jackie Mason is--  [SINGING] Happy birthday dear Susan. Happy birthday to you.  Was it in the toilet?  I just wanted to make sure you found an egg.  No, it's fine.  OK, you guys ready for another Baxter Mountain trip?  OK.  What is it called, Betsy? Taproot? Hello?  Hi, Starlee.  It was always rocky from the start. I don't remember.  I have-- I don't know.  I don't recall that at all.  Well, people who I knew that I had not seen until recently have all-- many of them have made the remark that they felt that your mother was very hard to live with.  Why they would even know that or say that, I don't know because-- Oh, I remember that. Yeah. She forged my name. And then the people sued us. And they got a judgment against her. They couldn't get it against me, because I had no knowledge of it. Yeah, she told me on the last day. She said, this is the house we're buying. I said, number one, we can't afford it. Number two, it's ugly. That's true. Not a sign of a healthy relationship. That's right. How did I feel? I wasn't very happy about it. Yeah. I just did. Y is a crooked letter. Because I felt that I was primarily responsible for her unhappiness. Well, I'm just telling you. You're asking me a question. I'm giving you an answer. Well, I mean healthy people don't feel unhappy without a reason. Yeah. Let's say, for an example, a person, male or female, gets into drugs or alcohol. So you say, what did I do, maybe, to cause this person to drink? What did I do to cause this person to become unhappy? To become moody? To become lethargic? To lose interest in life? I was convinced that I was a contributing force, yes. Give me half a second here. Hold on. My days are totally different. I wake up and there's breakfast on the table. I get a phone call from somebody during the day-- "How are you doing, love?" I'll call the person up, I'll say, you know, "I have to go to here, or there, or Timbuktu. You want to come along?" "Oh, sure." It's normal.  Yeah. Normal is fine.  Well, after 9/11, you should consider staying back here.  It's all in the press, you see. They're saying that there's discrimination against Muslims.  You don't have to start fresh here. We can provide you everything. And then you just have to work.  Companies like Halliburton.  Well, that Dick Cheney.  Even Bill Gates came and sent a message to our president. Hi. Good. Yeah, we call it the giggle factor in SETI. Sure. Haven't figured it out. I feel it myself, you know? I can't always keep a straight face when I tell people what I do. Sure. Well it's just funny to try and make contact with another culture that we don't even know about whether they exist or not. I can't think of one where the field hasn't even proved that its central phenomenon exists. If I thought that if what's on Earth is all that there is in the universe, I would feel that the universe was diminished somehow. I sometimes get accused of expecting a savior. I don't think I'm doing that. But it certainly comes close to religious belief because you're dealing with something that's just so big, so overarching, so transcendent, that it's pretty close to what a lot of people call God. Yes, I think it is. In fact, my shorthand nickname for it is "The Ultimate Project" because it's probably my ultimate project. I've called it that from the start.