Hi there. Ira, nice to meet you. Hi Hilary. How are you? I want see everything. All the machinery, all the buildings. Kick the tires. I'm serious. Vegetables mostly? They did that to my potatoes last year, about a quarter acre of potatoes we did not have fenced. Ate them right off of the ground. I couldn't believe it. I mean you can see the strawberries. It's not hopeless. I'm seeing some very nice, healthy happy potato plants about to blossom. I see a greenhouse here. Oh yeah. Do you even have a sink in it? Well, that's why plastic pipe was invented. You have a well somewhere. Well with the roof on here and the bigger roof on the big barn over here, you could collect an awful lot of rain water. OK. OK, so? Why not? You said it. I didn't. Get your butt in gear. You've been here, what, five years now? Are you are you happy with your progress? OK. Yeah it does. Sure it matters what time you get up. What time do you get up farmer? What? Hell no. Well some days you can't. You might as well forget the greenhouses then because it can't get up and ventilate it before the sun gets hot, you're going to cook everything. Oh OK, all right. Ouch. I mean there suddenly ceased to be a family life. He tried to get his two kids to help him out there is as much as they could. They were 9 and 11. And there were limits to how much they could or would or should do. And he sunk a ton of money into it and basically lost it all. He was producing a lot of stuff. His crop mix could have been better, more diverse. He wasn't charging enough for things, didn't have maybe enough customers to make it work. Production and weather threw some curves at him. It was a lot of things combined. Oh, OK. Well. I didn't come here to talk you out of the farming but-- I'm working part time three or four jobs plus farming. There are very few farmers I know who do absolutely nothing but farm. Yeah, and you have a great spot here. I hate to be the bearer of bad news but you picked a tough road to hoe pal. Well. Sell the place, yeah. I mean more than anything he wants to live in the country. That's great. So quit kidding yourself about the idea of making a living from the farm. He'll still have a garden. I'm sure of that.