 Steely-eyed, flat-bellied professionals.  So you've got to be the look, the security guy-look: serious, I'm dead serious about this business; I'm steely-eyed, and I'm scanning the horizon constantly. And usually when you go to, like, if I go to Africa or someplace like that, and you're on some kind of security mission, it takes you about two seconds just to get off the plane, look around, and say, oh, there's somebody else on a mission.  Steely-eyed, flat-bellied professionals.  Tomorrow at 7:00, we gotta get on the range. And then we've got weapons training we'll do when we come back in the afternoon--  We tell them to ram somebody, we tell them to move over, we buy, we pay for the repairs.  If the contractors get the work done, the economy takes off. The average Iraqi looks around and says, we're better off. Kids are going to school. They're making some money. They're buying a used, beat-up Ford Taurus, but they're getting one in their family. They're going to start turning on these, I think, mostly foreign elements. Maybe I ought to contact the authorities. And we're going to find them and root them out, and we're going to make this country great.  [SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE] We have a game of some kind. That was a new one. That was a new game.  Usually we arm wrestle, or you know, you had a balance game, where you yank the other guy off balance.  I'm trying to train the Arabs to be less effeminate and quit holding hands, and get to the culture where they--  OK.  Yeah, it's not right.  Don't you think that that's not right?  OK. [CLEARS THROAT] Well, let's go down to 314.  We got a bad reputation, probably as gunslingers. In some circles. My guys I'm riding with right now are coming back soon. I want to have Custer Battles back. But that's within, you know, the last month. Before that, there was some concerns.  There was over 3,000 thousand rounds that were launched from the hotel, except for an RPG attack. Everybody seen everybody in the streets, and everybody was hanging out their windows, emptying magazines into the shadows. And then the report was that we had four dead guys out there that we'd gotten.  People are shooting and not being held accountable for shooting people? Ah, I suppose there's a lot of that going on. And I think in this brief period of time, just like in the Wild West, you control your own company. You can assert a little bit of control in your own little world and hold people accountable there. I guess, to answer your question, I'm not that concerned about it.  Mighty Duck, Krom. Just got a call from Rock. There's about 2,000 protesters at gates 1, 2, and 3 into the Green Zone. Break.  They expect the crowd to get violent and to increase in size. Can you get word out via Arachna to our teams that are out?  Me personally?  No. You mean as far as things getting so bad I want to get out of here? That would be cowardice, if things got bad and you wanted to get out. Wouldn't it? So even if I really wanted to get out, I probably wouldn't admit it to myself. How's it going, men? It's a great day to be an American. I'm going to shoot some weapons.  We are the frontier freedom. We are the centurions that stand post on the long frontier of freedom.  Once again, in this small perimeter, freedom has been advanced. You can smell it, can't you? Right here. If nothing else, our time together, Nancy, you should learn to smell the freedom. Freedom is the smell of good loads that have just gone down range, the wafting of a powder burned in the cause, a noble cause. I mean, a soldier's got a pretty perfect world, because he just takes his orders. And at the end of the day, you just say, maybe, maybe they were a little crazy with that order, but I did my part. You know, I held the barricade.  Well, not right now, because I'm actually kind of back right now.  Yeah. But yeah, on a daily basis. I've got a son that's in the army. So you sit back at a TV screen when you're not here, and you're going, God, I hope they know what the hell they're doing when they send my kid in harm's way. And the sad part is, you spend your whole life with a kid protecting him, keeping him out of the street. Get out of the street! Put on your bicycle helmet. What are you doing? Then, next thing you know, you're watching him deploy to combat. You're going, God, what have I done?