Oh, I have school waiting for me, and a job. I work at Hooters. So I've got to go out there and deal with that. OK, I was at a bonfire with my friends. And you know, I'm sure it's well-known knowledge that almost everybody in California smokes pot and drinks beer, and like, you know, we're flakes or whatnot. And we're all hanging out and partying. You know, driving along the road, I haven't thought about Jesus much, or God much. I haven't found myself praying or thanking God for anything, until I saw the cross, until I pulled over. And over there, I had to touch his face over there, and I got a really, really good feeling by just touching the statues. There's not so much as, like, pain in his face, but just kind of disappointment a little bit, or hurt, kind of like-- I don't know. It looks almost like he blames himself. In the statue, what I get is that he was blaming himself at that moment, because he failed or-- or not failed, technically, but there's just something in his face, like he felt really bad at that time. He's human there. He's totally human. And it just kind brings you back that God's not so far away. He's right there. Hello. I'm pretty good. How are you doing today? Yeah, a little bit of it. I'll try. It started way back in 1951, when some kids were having a sleepover. And one of them happened to have the name Heather. And she said, well, call my name and see if anybody answers the phone. So when they did I answered the phone, and carried on a nice conversation with them. And it has been going on ever since. Yeah, I guess so. I never did figure it that way. But time flies by too fast. What most people do when they call, they say, is Heather home? And sometimes they hang up, because they expect a woman's voice. Well, since my wife died I've just been by myself here. And it helps pass the time. And a lot of them are nice to talk to. Like I say, a lot of them are latch key kids. They come home, and nobody's home. Both the father and mother are working. And they don't have anybody to talk to. So they call up and talk to me. I don't get too many of what you call older people. I don't get anybody my age. And I don't know how old I sound on the phone. I don't think I sound anywhere near as what my age actually is. It's three quarters of a century plus one. You'd be surprised how many people don't even know what a century is or what three quarters of it is if they did know it. You know what I mean? So you wonder how much schooling some of these people got. Well, they were just full of tears, and sobbing, and stuff like that. And they just blurted it right out when I answered the phone. They just said, I'm going to kill myself. I tried my best to calm them down and just say, hey, the good Lord put you on this Earth for some reason. Don't kill yourself, because you might be planned down the road for something great. That's about it, I guess. No, we weren't that fortunate. No. I would say it's close to about the same. If they're at a big party or something like that, there are boys and girls together. And they seem like they all want to talk and say hello. You know what some kids do nowadays? And I know they're real young. They'll call up and say, oh, I feel terrible today. Would you do me a favor? Would you sing me a song? Yeah, so I sing a song to them. Well, let's see. [SINGING] Let me call you sweetheart. I'm in love with you. Let me hear you whisper that you love me too. Let that love light glowing in your eyes so true, please let me call you sweetheart. I am in love with you. You know, I never thought I could really sing. So I'm glad I'm able to sing some anyway. No, I don't advertise it. I figure if people want to call me, fine. But I don't advertise it. I don't tell them nothing. Yes. But I just tell them, that's nobody special. Well, it's my secret. Well, I guess maybe pride. Some people are smart, They just want to laugh at you or something like that. They might say why bother or something like that. I don't know. I'm not going to tell them, so I'm not going to worry about that. It's none of their business. I'm about five seven. I weigh around 170. I have got snow white wavy hair. I've still got it all. And I still got all my teeth, but I've got a few crowns. I used to play a lot of sports, so I still look kind of muscular. I don't have anything hanging over my belt. What I look like? Just some girls. Yeah. Sometimes I ask them what they look like and stuff like that. And I say, gosh, you remind me of my wife. Same dimensions, same figure, same hair, and brown eyes. It's just conversation. Yeah. It almost looks like a room in a cabin up north. I'm kind of laying down. And right in front of me is the coffee table. And the TV is on the other side of the room. I'm watching Friends right now. It's kind of good. I don't like Ross. He is the one that is supposed to have the most education. But he's the dumbest one of the group, in my opinion. Would to do me a favor? Would you sing me a song? I devised a plan because my little bladder was about to give out. And I decided that I was in the middle of the bus. I had a seat to myself. I thought I can pee really quietly, just kind of inch over my seat and go to the bathroom and no one will ever know. So I inched forward in my seat and I peed. So that's fine. It's working. The kids, the obnoxious boys, they're yelling at each other. The girls are talking, gossiping, whatever. It's actually working. I even felt a little clever. But then the bus lurches forward. I hadn't realized that the pee wouldn't stay put. That when the bus lurched forward, the pee would roll backwards. And all of a sudden, in the back of the bus, I hear, "It's pee!" All hell breaks loose on the bus. Everybody started leaping around the bus, all known bus rules were off. You didn't have to sit still anymore. You didn't have to talk quietly to your neighbor. You could scream. You could leap over the seats. And the only kid that didn't move, was me, which I realize now is what incriminated me. He has a second grade education. And when he was 16 years old, he was coming out of a town called Campo Grande in Mato Grosso. And he'd just lost his job as a tailor's assistant. And he was hungry and tired and lonely and on his way home. They said, "Are you Joao?" He said, "I'm Joao, I was told to come here. They said, "We've been waiting for you." Just keep coming through. I'll meet you inside. [SPEAKING PORTUGUESE] Go sit in the other current room. You stay here till the end. Hold on to that. That's your medicine. I'll tell you later. It's got a [? jaguar ?] on the back. It's a vehicle to carry the energy that is imbued into the herbs for that particular person. Unique for you, so you can't give it your sister, your brother. It is for your condition.