I vacillate between wanting to give it up and wanting to continue. And even sometimes while I'm out there working I'm like, this is so great. I get to watch the sky and see the whether. And then I work for a few hours at it and see how much more I have to do. And it's like, this is too hard. Wasn't it $16? It's not that bad, but it is-- all right, it's a little bad. I don't know about the stying up until 4:00. I've only done that a few times. But yeah, in the mornings I need to warm up before I can start doing a lot of activity I'd say. But then some people will work from 7:00 to 5:00 or 6:00 or whatever. And then they'll have quiet time in the evening. But I just have my quiet time in the morning is how I figure it, anyway. Hi, I'm Hilary Hoffman. Well if had some secret plant that was easy to grow and easy to harvest. And everybody wanted it. And here's how you do it without having to bend down all the time. That would work. Or maybe he'll say, if you don't think you can do this kind of hard work then you better find something else to do. Sun Yung is nodding. So the truth comes out. She wants me to quit. Here's some grapevines. It's all a very small farm, very small. The first year, I managed to grow a lot of stuff. The second year, the deer found it and just totally ate everything. Even my cover crops just were all gone. Do you? Yeah but there's no water. I can't use the well for watering. I can't afford the containers for it. Now this barn is pretty ratty. I just haven't cleaned it up yet. Lazy. I think so. No. Depends on the day. 8:00, 10:00. But then I work till dark. I mean I'm out here doing that. Don't you come in at 7:00, 8:00 and take a couple hours to relax? Well I want to. Well that's true. Oh well I can get up and do that. Well I guess there's some truth-- I'm just not a morning person. I have to exercise before I can start working and do anything. I have two herniated discs from many years ago. But it still affects me. No, I wasn't having a parade. I had this great bit hot air balloon. I was hoping you would fill it up and make it rise. Well that's it. I quit. I quit. You've convinced me. I don't think I can physically do that much work to make that much money. Just doesn't seem possible. I mean I just wanted to live in the country. And I thought I could do it by growing vegetables. And I really like it out here in the country. Even when it gets cold I like it. My dream was to be able to just watch the sky all day. Well you have to make some kind of income. But I think there must be an easier way really. I think it is too much work for me. And I will probably spend time looking at another way to make a living out in the country. Yeah I know. I knew it was. And I thought I could do it. But now I'm just not so sure. I think she's going to move back. Yes. It'll be really nice and fixed up, no air leaks in the winter. And warm and spacious, the opposite of what it is now. Magic.