This is my neighborhood here. I've been to every single restaurant in this neighborhood several times, so I feel like I can comment on every restaurant. Let me show you a ghost here. On the corner, there was a place called-- I'm not sure what that was. That used to called Le Defi, which is "The Challenge," and that was a really great place. And then they closed, and they moved right across the street, and they had $1.99 spaghetti meal. I would go there every day, and I brought a lot of friends. Like, you wanna go in here? This is my friend. This is my friend Tino. This is Chez Vito. It's a great butcher shop, an Italian butcher shop. Hello. All right, what just happened is that Tino's given me a free box of Lazzaroni Saronno, which I've never even had before. So Tino's saying that I'm nice, but he is the nicest. These guys are the nicest, and that's why I say Chez Vito's the best butcher shop. I wouldn't say that's 400. I'd love to count it. I'd say if this handful is about 10-- 10, 20, 30, 40, 50, 60, 70-- 190, 200-- this is very embarrassing-- 210, 220, 230, about 250 menus in here. There are some doubles, for sure, or even multiple copies, but only of restaurants I order from all the time. I'm going to take a Number 10, the two-gyro pita. And I think that's it. Thanks, have a nice day. Here we go. These are all bags of ketchup, salt, soy sauce. Yeah. Ah, there's some soy sauce. It's true that I have so much now, you know. I have so many packets here. But no matter how many packets I amass, it will never catch up to what I missed as a child: ketchup. Hey, Shamir! Thanks so much, man. I didn't get you in trouble, though, right? Shamir, can I offer you something? Yeah, so Marvin's not working there any more? Oh, OK, OK. Actually, I feel so bad. When I call, I want to ask for Shamir. I feel like, well, we don't know who you're going to get. I know, but I don't want to get you in trouble. I can't offer you something? Thank you so much, Shamir. I thank you, man. Thank you for your kindness. You're the best. It's the best restaurant with the best guy. Yeah, you're very kind. Thank you for your time today, Shamir. See you later, man. Thanks, Shamir. He's such a good guy. Well, I really believe I don't really do anything. I'm nice to them. You know, if someone's going to come to my door more than a few times and they know my face and they're saying how are you, I'm going to start treating that person like a human being. And most people I think are probably rude to them. Like, most people that I know give delivery men a buck, and I think that they have a harder job than a waiter or a waitress, because here's a guy who takes your food, gets into a car, risks his life, goes into traffic-- Oh, you know, he's driving a car, you know? There had been several holdups there by knife point, gunpoint, and I felt really bad for them. I'd see them really shook up. And they're kind of tough ladies, but they're alone. And I told them, I said, if you ever need anything, if there's any trouble or something, I'm just around the corner. You give me a call. And I really meant it like in case of emergency or, you know, just that there'd be someone they can call, like some kind of community-- some kind of effort at community. But she would call every day. I made that offer, assuming that it would be understood that there's a cutoff point. But to another person, you know, that offer is a real genuine offer. If I need help, I'm going to call you. And she did. And maybe she's the one that's right. So it's ironic that just being nice to someone actually had the adverse effect, the opposite effect, and it ended up being like a disaster, and now two people are not even friendly with each other.