 She was not an obedient child when we first made contact with her.  I took Georgia to bed. And I was talking to her, and laying her down in bed, and she lifted up her leg and kicked down as I was holding her. And she dislocated my thumb. I actually tried to grab my thumb and put it back into place, and I did, but Georgia got scared. Because she saw that she had hurt me. And she started crying. And I hugged her. And we sang some songs, and I read her a couple of stories. And she fell asleep. And I went and got an ice bag. So that was my real introduction to Georgia early on in the program.  And I remember sitting in my desk, and she was not quite awake yet after her nap. And she'd come in, and kind of poke her head in the door. And she just would show me her smile, and then go back outside. And I said, come on in Georgia. I would show her pictures of Jamaica. And she'd say, oh, that looks like where I used to live.  There were many takers in the program that wanted to take care of Georgia for the rest of her life.  I, unfortunately, I was probably the first one in line. I think I had been a father to her fairly easily.  When it came time to go back to Jamaica, I was the one that went back with her. And that was a tough trip. It was a very difficult trip. Every child deserves to be with their parent. In the case of Georgia, given the background of what happened, my fear would be that Georgia would be put through another episode, much like first one.  I introduced her to the gentleman that came in from the Jamaican Child and Welfare Services, and said, this is the guy that's going to take you back to your mom. And then she asked me the real tough question, that I can still remember her little face, and she had all her favorite toys. And she went back with lots of bags and luggage. And she was holding her favorite doll, and she said, "You're coming with me?" And I had to tell her that I wasn't. Tough. Tough to see a child that trusts you and cares about you. You sort of feel like you're in them now.  I'm looking for Georgia Norman. Do you know a young girl by the name of Georgia Norman? Well, I'm calling from the United States. I'm trying to find a friend of mine that I met a long time ago. And I'm just trying to find out where she's at.  Well I want to find Georgia. I want to know what happened. I want to find out what is that has gone on in her life. One of the things that I told Georgia when we parted in Kingston was that I would see her soon. And it's been a while, and I want to be able to keep my word.  How are you? How are you?  You remember me? Do you? I know I lost a little bit of hair.  So, how are you honey? You look so cute. You've grown quite a bit. You were only this size when I brought you. Do you remember when I brought you here? Do you?  It's kind of like I thought. She would probably be shy and not remember, and that it would take a while to warm up. And, but, I think after a little bit of talking with her, she started to make the connection.  Who's this?  [? Bi-wi ?], this is [? Bi-wi. ?]  Uh-oh, who's that?  And Sagal. Remember Sagal?  And see this one, she hasn't seen this one. That's Sagal. She's from Somalia.  She used to really take care of her a lot. When did he die?  Oh, when was he born?  Ah ha.  You've done a real good job with her. She just seems like a real sweet girl, and all that she has done, is she's grown up. You want more jerk chicken? You do? Come on, let's go get some. Come on Georgia, help me.  I asked Georgia, I said, come on, give me your hand. I haven't held your hand for such a long time. And she says, but they're so greasy. And I said it doesn't matter, here, come on, give me your hand. So she gave me her hand and we went up and walked up the steps and put the order in. And I asked her, I said, so Georgia, what do you want to do? She said, well, I want to go to Chicago.  I'm happy that she is the way she is. She's clearly attached to her mom. She seems like a very normal kid.  It really is a relief. I know her recollections are not as vivid as I had hoped. But you know, that's also good. It's also good that she's able to go ahead, and move from that to bond with her mom the way she did. I still think it would be very difficult for her to leave her mom. I see you put a patch there, huh?  So you fill up something, and then--  OK, I see. So you've got to get this full and then you basically, you just kind of, OK. That works. I see.  Swimming pool?  How full does it get? Does it get all the way to the top sometimes, or not?  There are fish in your water here? How do they get them in?  Georgia. You remember how I used to play, over there in Chicago, with [? Bi-wi ?] and Sagal? Sit down. Like this. The hands, patty cake. Then one like this. Back again. Then with this one, no, the other side. And then again, then down. Then up. Mm-mm-mm.  Maybe, if they catch you, if they catch you. If they don't catch you, then you go with your, what's her name?  Sheila. Where do you want to go, with Sheila, or with us?  I used to be fairly judgemental as far as that went. There's a lot of people that do not understand. But I understand today why they separate from their children. And I don't think they love them any less than we love our children. I just think that they're so desperate that they don't have any other options. And I understand that piece a lot better today.  And she doesn't come across that way.  I think of what goes through Georgia's head right now. And I'm sure she has questions as well. That she's not able to express to her mom, or maybe to anyone. Not yet anyway. Later on, I'm sure that she'll want some answers.  You know, why am I being sent here again? I'm here with my mom. And at this age, it's going to be a fairly difficult separation, legal or not. It's going to be a difficult situation. But I don't know that Georgia will ever forget at this age. Because Georgia is now in what I consider to be a stable environment. And this is where she should remain.