And then he describes how he went into his office, and how he was always busy, and he had one hand on the phone, another one looking at some maps. And you always felt like you were wasting time when you were [UNINTELLIGIBLE]. And my mom was like, wait. He wasn't that busy. He was at our house every single day. OK. This is my room. To the right is the TV, and I have a couple of video games and stuff like that. Well, this is an issue, September 1968, it's a National Geographic issue. Actually, I really, really, really like this picture. This is more of the countryside of Afghanistan. And it's green, green grass and trees, and then there's just like blue, blue water flowing through. Yeah. There's a shepherd here, and then there's a cow but I'm sure. That house looks pretty neat, too. In the middle of the river, there's a rock, and there's a house built on top of it. I don't know how he gets back to the land, But I think he would probably goes through these rocks or something. When I see this, I'm really, really happy for him. Because it's kind of like his dream. I could tell how bored and how frustrated he was living here, and having to just be at the store and just live everyday life. I remember for a couple years, my mom was telling him, don't even interact with people. I think it's pretty much because he had lost hope. It was weird. Like, I read a lot about it, and I learn a lot. By now I know a lot about it. But I've never visited it. So that's another reason I really want to go. Because it's easy to talk, but then to actually do it is much harder, you know? That's what my father was telling me, too. Right now it's easy to talk about going back, but once you have to, like, take a glass of water, cold water, and put it over your head, and that's how you take the shower, and on mountains, and you have like a biscuit in your hand, it's not as easy. No, it actually made me more hard-headed, and even want to go back even more, you know? Just to prove it, and just to get the doubts out of my head. It's almost like a test, you know? I want to pass it. It's almost like a test on how much I can take. Yeah, I'm coming back. But I don't know. It's a pretty long answer, so I really can't summarize it in-- Yeah. You'll be like, hey, Hyder, how's Afghanistan. I do feel like somewhat of an outsider here. It's really weird. I've never been in my own country. I think that's one of the reasons I really want to go now, is just to see. And I almost feel I have like an insecurity. The other day, my mom told me to make sure you get your shots before going to Afghanistan. And I actually don't want to take them. Because I don't know, it kind of adds on more to the foreigner, an American, going to Afghanistan. It might seem silly or childish or too much testosterone or whatever, but I just don't want to go in and get shots to make sure I don't get sick or malaria or anything. Because my father never had to. I'm kind of like, it's my own country. I'm just going to go in there. I don't want them to think of me as a foreigner. You know, that's a pretty famous U2 song. It's the one they sing on top of the roof, "Where the Streets Have No Name." You know what I'm talking about? Yeah. It's hard to explain. I think it's in the CD player right now, so one sec. Yeah. And it's kind of like, when I picture that place, "Where the Streets Have No Name," I picture something like Afghanistan, you know? And I think it's a song, it's pretty much tired about how set and systematic the world is. Yeah. Like, "I want to run, I want to hide, I want to tear down the walls that hold me inside." So it's kind of like at the point where I am right now. Just, I feel really-- held down.  Good, how are you? You know how long it's going to take to Korengal?  Two and a half hours?  [SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE]  Yeah, OK.  There you go, they hugged right there.  Is there something going on? I'm trying to get, how can I get down more than this? I can't duck down, I'm totally exposed. I'm totally exposed.  Wow.  Yeah, yeah, I'm trying to stay down as much as I can.  [SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE] Mama is fine. [LAUGHTER]  All right, do you want me to get down? All right, all right, sure, I got it. OK, OK. [SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE]  [LAUGHTER] [SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE]  Chief, we're going to move! Get everybody out of here! Back in the cars! I don't think he heard me. He was way down. Chief! All right, he's coming.  We'll see you guys soon.  Yeah, watch movies. All right, man.  All right, take care.  [TRANSLATING] What has been your most difficult day being the governor of Kunar so far?  [TRANSLATING] If I had to choose one day as being my most difficult day, it would have to be the day that Abdul Wali died. American forces were ready to use military force to capture this person. And I told them to please hold on and let me try and get a hold of him myself. And since this man trusted me, and since they trusted our family name, the man did arrive to Kunar, and did turn himself into us. He claimed his innocence, but he was incredibly fearful of what the Americans might do to him.  [SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE]  [SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE]