 That was our goal all along, was to go over there and try to find work.  Yeah, we were going to split.  I don't remember.  It was pretty crazy. It was a quote, unquote, five star bus.  That's what I'd like to know.  They think five star means good. They have five star hotels, five star restaurants in Amman.  Yeah, so we get to the bus terminal and it's bullet holes in the windows, fallen apart. We got on the bus, and it was like the record scratched when you walk in. It was like [RECORD SCRATCHING NOISE]. Me and Ray walk in. We're like-- what's going on, guys?  And there was fighting going on. There were huge, black plumes of smoke coming up from the city. We were like, wow.  Yeah. We had a few drinks.  Everybody in the CPA, when they first met us was like, so how exactly did you get here? And then they would just laugh and scratch their heads and stuff.  We had airport hangars full of donated clothing and stuff.  It'd be like a flashback.  And it's one slum area of Baghdad where Saddam put most of the Shiites and he just made them live in a slum, basically. You go in there and there's two feet of raw sewage running down the middle of the streets, inside the hallways of hospitals, schools, everything.  I've never seen anything like it. It was crazy. We were in the office and we hated it, we'd want to kill ourselves in the office but we'd get to Sadr City and it was the best. It was great. We'd just go out there and play soccer with little kids all day and stuff. It was cool. It just made us feel good. Because we'd get back to the office from being out there, and it would be like every day was the best day of our lives.  Yeah, I passed out on the bathroom floor in Al Hamrah.  They say, go downstairs to the bomb shelter. And you say, do they have booze? Then they--  Yeah. We were in the Al-Rasheed. That's where we ate dinner every night. And all of a sudden like eight or nine rockets hit the face of Al-Rasheed. And it just felt like the building was going to come down. Smoke starts billowing into the dining hall. Everybody's laying on the ground. We're doing army crawls and [BLEEP.] And they shuffled us downstairs into--  --the bomb shelter. But it turned out to be a sports bar. And they had a big, widescreen TV with satellite. And they had CNN on. And they're like-- --here's the Al-Rasheed under rocket attack. And there's flames billowing out of windows. And we're sitting in there, in the bar, watching the building we were in burn. We were just like, what?  Then they started-- people tried to suicide bomb the front gate three Tuesdays in a row at like 12:30.  Yeah, how come they try to bomb the same gate every day?  Literally three weeks in a row.  Yeah, that wasn't for you guys.  So we got on this flight.  No. And he'd never flown, obviously. And a five star hotel in Beirut.  We did tell him.  When we gave him the plane ticket we were like, dude, you don't have to come back.  We're like, milk the room service with the room, and charge it to the US government.  Yeah, we're like think minibar, room service. We're just like milk it. We told him-- we were like, you don't have to come back. But he did.