We're going to close this a little bit. Padrina, why don't you help Douglas come in. And we'll put him over there on that side and we'll just do it buffet style. What happened? How did you happen to go upstairs? You don't really have the strength to go upstairs anymore. Yeah, but we're in a different condition in your life right now. Padrina, come here a second. If I ever ask you to do something like to back him downstairs because people are coming, your main job is to just keep your eyes on Douglas. What happened? OK, but Shoni does housework and she keeps an eye on him. But we've had three examples of this now. This can't go on. Well, he's never by himself. OK. So in the future we'll just keep an eye on him a little bit more. OK, well, I'm going to go downstairs and make the lemonade for the party. You're going to stay up here and watch over his shoulder. Yeah, this I did. This is Shoni. She's 53 years old and from the Philippines. She works the Monday to Thursday shift. Shoni's been with us a month. She's been doing this work forever. She's seen a lot of her clients die. Whenever this happens, she flies back home to the Philippines for a couple of weeks to recover. OK, I'm going to go upstairs and take a bath. Shoni will be here. Would you like me to stay here with you a little bit? That's not the point, Doogle. Would you like me to sit here with you a little bit? Would that be a comfort to you? Because sometimes it's confusing. I don't know if you are more comfortable just by yourself resting or if it's more of a comfort if I'm here. Yeah. OK. Yeah. Good night Doogle. You don't want me to watch? OK, I'll go away. So Douglas, this is Vicky. So, how are you doing this morning, Doogle? You went upstairs, you had a shower, you've read some of the newspaper. Come on, Douglas. I'm just asking you how you're feeling this morning? Why are the two of you laughing? OK, what are your plans for the day? You guys just going to sit around and laugh? One of the errands I'm doing this morning is I'm taking your car to the Pacific Palisades. Don, the physical therapist, has a client there who might want to buy it. Why would you want to keep it? Who drive it? You know you don't have a driver's license? You surrendered your driver's license after you had that stroke in January. OK. How are you feeling about the caregivers who are here in the house. Vicky and Shoni? But there is a need for them. Well, I agree with you. It's a change. You don't need a host of friends coming in?