I go out with almost nothing in my pocket in the morning, and sometimes I end up with thousands. Sometimes I end up broke at the end of the day. I got $32 in my pocket today. By six o'clock I should have at least a couple hundred dollars, and you know, I take it from there. Sometimes I end up with ten grand, you know? One time I started out with like 32 bucks or $33 like today, and I wound up with $84,000 at the Gold Coast. I try and build it up to like $1,000. Then I play with $1,000. I build it up to three, four, and then you get on a run. People tell me, oh, look at the kind of life you lead. You know? One day I could have a million dollars, the next day I'd be broke. But I love it. I love the action. I love the adrenaline. I get an adrenaline rush from it. No, it's not an exaggeration. I mean, I had days where I went in and I won, like, at the Horseshoe, I won $680,000. I started the day out with like $50 in my pocket. And I went out and I bought two homes with some of the money, and I ended up losing the other money, then I needed money, so I borrowed on the houses. And then I lost the houses, I couldn't pay it. I go up and down, you know? It's like a roller coaster. Sometimes you're standing here for like a half hour and nobody will come out. But as soon as they come out to take a cab, I approach them, you know? You guys need a cab? How about this? Isn't this a lot nicer than a cab, see? If these guys are going to a strip club, that would be great. That's 100 bucks. Where are you guys going to? You guys having fun? You want the radio on? Radio is optional. It's more money. I got anything you want, as long as you got money. We take people out there, and we usually get 30, now for the holidays, they're doing 40% of what the person spends. If a person spends $1,000, we get $400 kickback for bringing them out there. Until December, they're doing like a special. Instead of 30%, they're giving us another 10%. I have pictures of everything in my trunk. I have a menu also, you know? They have a menu of all the stuff you can do there. See this? This is about a half a million dollars in markers, right here. Yeah. The loan you $20,000 to sit an play with. If you lose, you've got 30 days to pay it back. Yeah. They're all, like-- This is my uncle in Forbes magazine. He made like close to a billion dollars. Yeah. That's my uncle. Yeah. $41. So we just keep going around and around. I'm going to to play a little Blackjack. The only thing is, I don't know if they're going to let you-- I'm going to play with $100 now, you know? I'm making $50 or $60 in like 15 minutes or less. See, now it gets busy. I don't have a chance to really go in and gamble because I'm, you know-- as long as I keep the cash coming in. If it's slow, I supplement it with gambling. If it's not-- I'd rather be working. Yeah. I do it, you know, because I'm so hyper, I have to have something to do. You know, I used to sit, like I was at the Flamingo one time and I had about $40,000 in chips in front of me, and I was playing like $2,000 a hand. And I told the doorman, if you get a good ride, like to a golf course, come and get me, you know? So it's like for $75. I know. Nobody does. But that's how I am, you know? I don't. You know I just-- gambling to me is gambling, work is work. You know? Only in America! Which airline are you going to? I talk to her like five times a day. Hi honey, it's me. I just called to say hi. Well, that's when I started to work. You know, I never worked when she was here. This has like filled up my void, maybe, in a way, if you think about it. But I miss her so much. When I see her, it's like the greatest feeling in the world. I've got to make it seem like I'm just, you know, walking, casual. Hi, this is Joe. Oh, how you doing, Dave, what's up? For three hours? Did you tell him $75 an hour, though? He says, "My family lost their homes when the Jews, you know, took over Israel--" Just to ask him, I asked him, I said to him, where are you from? So he says, Lebanon. I said, I speak Arabic, you know? I said, I was born in Baghdad. I was really born in Baghdad, Iraq. I said, are you Muslim? He says, yeah. I said, oh, those Jews. I said, what they're doing is terrible, you know? To the Palestinians. And then his, you know, adrenaline just started going. You know, and he just-- he wanted to go out with me tonight. He wanted to hire the car for five hours tonight. And I said, no, I'm too tired. So he says, well, I'll call you tomorrow. I said, fine, you know? He's like all buddy-buddy. But he gave me 500 bucks. I was like, all right! $230 he gave me as a tip. You know, which is not bad. [YIDDISH ACCENT] It's a wonderful country! While we're on the subject, I mean, you think back to like World War II, I mean, look at all those people in Germany, a lot of those people were-- not that it's happening here, but all that stuff can be going on, and we could be totally oblivious to it, because we're not informed, you know what I mean?