I just think we're opening a whole can of worms here that we don't want to be doing. Like either we'll walk away from this finding out that Starlee has more testosterone than I do, and she'll end up being incredibly upset, and I'll be upset. And everyone will just be upset. What do we hope to gain from all of this? This whole thing is going to lead to heartbreak somehow. I don't entirely understand how this whole testosterone thing works. It's like who can yell the loudest, right? Who has the most rage? I have rage. Unfortunately, it's impotent rage. I don't know how that's going to rank. I didn't realize that the whole decision-making thing came into-- --this whole testosterone thing. Yeah, it's making it-- --more complicated. Yeah, because I'm just filled with regret. That's very true. I look back like I'm looking-- Every single second of the day. I'm regretting what I'm saying right now. Even as I'm-- even now. Even now. Even now.  Yeah.  They showed him on the cover of Time, crying. Well, whatever it is. I'm sure he's very disappointed actually. He was a legend. Well, they can't omit him from that. That's up to the critics, I think. Is that turning?  Now you're filming me, right now. You see?  And when you want to stop it, you press the red button again.  Look at this. It runs in the family maybe. Oh, no, you've got a very thick wrist. That's a thick wrist. I think on Mommy's side of the family, we have thin wrists. I told you, I've got very thin wrists. He's funny, Jackie Mason. I'm not nuts about the show though. Me neither. I tell you. I had one hell of a childhood. I'm not saying my parents didn't love me, but my bath toys were a radio and a toaster. When I got lost, a cop helped me to look for my parents. "Do you think we'll ever find them?" I cried. The cop said, "I don't know. There are so many places they could hide." I hear Cher named her daughter Chastity in memory of her preschool years. Did you hear about Roseanne Arnold's new soap opera? What's the difference between Ted Kennedy and the Iraqi army? Ted Kennedy has at least one confirmed kill. Thank you!