 We are The High Strung. I'm Josh Malerman. I sing, and play the guitar, and write the songs. Derek?  Yes.  Yeah, rock clubs. It's like, if you can just picture a smoky bar, a lot of drunk people.  No. I know. I know. Absolutely. It's like this weird, unknown thing for a band to do because we're not like a novelty act. Don't get too close, kids.  We should be in a cage.  We've been living off $10 a day, each, for four years now.  Which is pretty nuts. No matter how much money we make the night before, we each just get $10 a day.  Our CFO. A brilliant CFO.  He's not very progressive.  That's the best.  Tight, white, really tight, white, outfits with blue stars up and down the sides, you know? If you can imagine Evel Knievel, I guess. And it's more fun for me, man, because I feel like a superhero when we wear those outfits. It separates you from the audience, or something, you know what I mean? It makes you into a television show, or a superhero, or something. Yeah. That's a great follow-up question.  For the first time ever, I'm really persistent about us cleaning something, because I want to make sure that we always have these uniforms to wear. And they can be outrageous if we wear them for three shows in a row without washing them, so we've just got to find a laundromat in every city, you know? I hang out. These guys don't. I go and do that. And I'm alone at these weird laundromats in every town we go to.  In charge? Yeah, It's our office.  We do. We usually shave there. Yeah. We're in a lot of libraries across the country. Oh, my gosh. It was all leading to this.  How cool is it that your library does this, huh? This is awesome. OK. We are The High Strung. Yeah. Clap for your library. This is great.  Here It Comes Again. 1, 2, 3, 4.  It's like, what is going on here? You feel like you're in a sociology experiment. This is let's put the loudest thing known to man inside the conference room of the library with a bunch of 10-year-old kids and see what happens.  They said that to us, right? That's the weirdest question I've ever been asked. Sure, yes. Are we cooler than the library? No. Are we cooler than the idea of the library? Maybe.  More than we normally get, I would say.  High end of average for what we usually make at our shows.  And we won't have to wait at the end of the night for some promoter to sell a bunch of cocaine down the street to have enough money to pay for our guarantee. You know?  I didn't think of this before we started this whole thing, but I really think that, a lot of kids, this is their first rock show, and I did not think of that angle at all when this whole thing started. Like, wow, we really are-- I really remember the first time I saw a bunch of grown men dancing around, making noise together, and people watching. It's like that's an experience. So yeah. And surprised I just never thought of that.