For the men, I think it'll be a big deal. I think it'll change all your interactions with each other. You'll know when you're talking to each other who beat you. I think it'll change everything. Wendy first, and then Starlee, and then Sarah, I guess. And then me, just passive me, just taking it easy, girly, girly me. Just being feminine over here in the corner. Honestly, who do I think? Well, I fear me. Well, then that would confirm all my worst suspicions about myself, that I'm really aggressive, and pushy, and sort of a hothead. I fear me. Wow. Wow, but Rakoff has twice as much. That's hard. It makes me feel really bossy and aggressive. Now, did they say that the pregnancy would affect it at all? Yeah, the fact that I'm able to bear children, the greatest gift a woman can have.  Divorce had come out of nothing. There had been enough literature about the whole thing and enough books about everything that was like here's how to talk to your kids about divorce. I mean, so much so that we all even had the exact-- I mean everyone had the same vocabulary about it. Number one being it's not your fault. And number two being that we love you more than anything. Mommy and daddy still love you, and you're the most important thing.  I mean, I remember even, I got told so many times that it's not your fault that it just started freaking me out after a while. I started thinking like, it never even occurred to me that this was my fault. And, after being told so much, I started thinking, like, really? Maybe this is my fault.  Apparently there were not books about that, because we were all definitely the Guinea pigs for the re-marriages. And it was sort of like chaos. Everyone sort of had different stories that were just remarkable to tell. I understand that it's a really difficult thing to go through. And all of us have a lot of sympathy for our parents in this situation, and that they were trying to figure it out as they went along. But the mistakes that were made were so egregious in some situations.  Like one of the girls said that her dad's secretary, all of a sudden, one morning, she woke up and came into the kitchen and saw her dad's secretary standing there. And then she called her Mrs. Smith, as she always referred to her, and then the woman said to her, no, now you call me mommy. Sure, I guess so. I tend to call random women, standing at the kitchen sink in the morning, mommy. So why not?  Yeah, this is not traumatizing for me whatsoever.  I actually think that for a lot of people it took for them going away, moving out of the house.  Sure, yeah, probably until they are about 18.  I don't think so. I don't think fully. There's a level of where, obviously, you accept reality. But when you're sort of being occupied, it's pretty hard to understand that they want love for you or that they feel love for you. It's a lot about just trying to get used to their relationship with your parent. It's very hard to figure out where you are in the priority list.  In the most literal way. For time, and affection, and energy, and for being a priority, and everything, you really are competing.  Yeah, he did launch a whole campaign. One of the things he did, which we all really enjoyed, was that he got us HBO. And he did away with the whole, you can't see R-movies until you're 16.  Yeah, and that I have to say, that went over big. And, oh, he cussed in front of us, which we all enjoyed. I really love my step-dad. And there were mistakes made, but they really did a lot to reassure me, and he did a lot to love me and to provide for me. I sort of feel like, maybe I even got the best you could expect. And I still would probably say, it was the most traumatizing experience of growing up.  Not really, yeah. They told me that on December 31, I had called and requested that they drop me from my $0.12 a minute plan. Yeah. I do do a lot of my business on New Year's Eve. No, of course I didn't call. Like, I mean, are they even open on New Year's Eve Day? Like, it's so ridiculous. But I also told them a lie. And I don't know what you want to do with this one, if this would be-- just so we wouldn't have to haggle over the whole, did you call, we have it down that you called, and no I didn't call, and stuff. I just told them that it would have been impossible for me to call because I was in the hospital then. Giving birth. So I called Verizon and I say that I want to do a three-way call again because clearly they told me that this thing was being taken care of, and it wasn't. They told me that I would have to call MCI because they can't initiate a three-way call, that they simply don't have the technology to initiate a three-way call. Apparently no. No, they can't do that. It's impossible for them. Yeah. Yeah. So then I called MCI. And this is when I started losing it. They finally-- because this was the first time I cried. This was the first time I cried. Well, because they said when I called-- then I finally called and I got a hold of this customer service person, and then they told me that there wasn't any record of a credit issued at all for me for $946.36. And if you just ignore this, this is going off onto a collection agency and this is ruining your credit, right? So I just felt totally frustrated. Chuck Carter was like the nicest man at MCI. OK, so I completely started crying when I got on the phone with him and I was like, you don't have any idea how frustrating this is, and I've been on the phone and they're going to report me. And this guy-- he works at MCI in priority to customer service, but he also works at, like, the suicide prevention hotline because he totally talked me through it in such a nice way. Like, so calming and so social work-y, and, like, was just, breathe, breathe. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, he did. Breathe. And then he was just like, you know what, Miss Snyder? I know that this is frustrating for you. I know that this makes you feel powerless, and I know that you feel out of control. And I know that it's hard to ask us to put all your faith in us that we're going to take care of this. But I'm going to take care of this for you. No. I was kind of eating it up. I was really enjoying it. I felt like I was really being taken care of. And I felt like, finally somebody understood my pain. And then he also gave me his name and he said, now I want you to know my name. My name is Chuck Carter. I work in MCI priority customer service. If there's a problem, you can come back to me. So I felt pretty good after this phone call. I know, right? Yeah. That's what I said, you know? And I was like, I understand that you don't want to give me the number because you don't want me directly harassing your customer service representatives. And that's totally personal. I completely understand that, right? But why can't they call and get this person on the phone and try and figure out what's going on? And then they just told me it was impossible to do. And then I was just like, well, why would the guy have given me his name in the first place then if this wasn't possible to do? And then they just said, I don't know. I don't know. Maybe he was just trying to make you feel better. This goes on for weeks. And finally I end up talking with a manager at MCI and she tells me that I would have to file a complaint with the MCI Complaints Division. And so I said, OK, so can I get their phone number? And they don't have a phone number. They just have a fax number. You can only fax them. You can't call them. And that they're somewhere in Iowa. And I said, what if they can't figure out what's wrong? And she said, they'll definitely figure out what's wrong. And then I said, and how soon are they supposed to get back to you? And she said within two weeks. Yeah. Like a silo, is how I like to picture it. You know, somewhere in the middle of Iowa there is this silo. And so then I was just like, so wait, you're telling me that there's some building in the middle of Iowa that's filled with really prompt geniuses who don't have any phones but just have one fax machine sitting in the middle of the room that gets incoming faxes and they know everything and they'll take care of it? And she told me, yes. That's basically what it is. That was Melanie Gladwell. Yeah. I mean, I hate that it's make me sort of a screeching shrew on the phone. And I hate that it makes me angry and wishing revenge upon them. And, you know, I'm the person that they sort of-- just like, Jesus, when they get off the phone, you know what I mean? And, yeah. I hate all of that. No. I really don't know what to do. Mm-hm. I've been waiting for a week and a half. So I still technically have three days left that the geniuses could get back in touch. Yes, weeks. Silence. We're calling MCI today to find out if they know what's been going on. Yes. I truly believe that. I think that you're going to solve this problem. Um, actually I don't even know what I believe. I think at first I thought that this was a really good idea. But I don't know. You know, honestly, over the last couple weeks and going through more and more of this, I actually don't even think you're going to be able to do anything. OK. Yeah. Hi. I was calling-- should I give you the account number? Yeah. OK. The telephone number is 718-4848-- Oh, God. Now what do you want to do? OK, thank you. I mean, I think that, like-- I think it's such a crappy system. I think it's a crappy system that now they're all, like, and now, you know, we're on the case and we're going to take care of it and stuff, you know? But don't call here and say that they're on the air, and don't call and say that you're a journalist and doing a story about that, because that just is rude. But that's the only way that I got through to these people. That's the only way that I got this woman to respond to us. Like, it just makes me so angry. Oh, that's so nice of you to say. Oh, that's very nice of you to say. Thank you. Oh, they do take phone calls. That's what I wondered. Yeah, she was a customer service-- or priority customer service. She hated me though. She did. I really appreciate you talking with us today, and I really appreciate the fact that I did get the credit. But I have to say that one of the frustrations is that I feel like, if we hadn't called as the radio show, I think I would still be fighting this. I don't think it would be resolved. I think the only way it got resolved was simply because we're a national radio show and we're just sort of threatening embarrassment. Thank you. I'm sorry, you're saying that you want us to-- To broadcast your email address? OK. Oh. Well, I would appreciate anything. Thank you so much. OK. Thanks so much. Wow. Yes. Well, I think-- you know, he said he was going to treat me like a princess. I wonder what I'm getting. An ice cream party? You know what? I would love it if the gift he sends me is, like, a CD of the music that they play while you're on hold. Chuck Carter. Just Chuck Carter.