Uncle Abie was the person in my family that I was always told, don't be like Abie. Don't be like Abie. He was like a model of what not to be. My father would always say to me, don't read in bed at night. Uncle Abie reads in bed. And what was bad about that was that you need a book as a crutch to go to sleep at night. And Abie comes in and pulls me aside and he says, "I have a secret to tell you. But I can't tell you until your father dies." So I just was like, OK, leave me alone. And I just didn't-- I said fine. And we were talking about the furniture. And then said to him, "So, what's the secret?" And there's this long pause. And then he says, "No, no. Forget it. Never mind." And then I go, "Well come on, you said there was a secret. I mean you said this. What is it?" He said, "I really don't want to talk about it" Right. And so there's a chance, there's some statistical chance I guess. And the other thing that he said on the phone was he said, "You know, you're a smart fella. And I've watched you at school and all of your accomplishments. And I've always thought it's because of me." Absolutely. And I was in a complete, total state of shock. And I just thought, wow, whose movie am I in? The whole thing was completely bizarre. It felt like someone had spun me around 100 times. And I was just standing there reeling and trying to put the details together. And it seemed kind of crazy. And especially the details, like when he told me it was about artificial insemination. I thought that has to be really early for artificial insemination. Yeah, and they don't do it anymore because obviously it doesn't do anything other than make the person who wants to be, who has been trying to be a father, feel better. That is absolutely true. Right. Not before, yeah. Well yeah, because it listed the name of the gynecologist. So I figured, OK, I'm going to track him down. So I called up. He was dead. But his wife answered the phone, and she said that his records all went to some other guy. So I tried to find that guy. I called for two weeks I remember. And his line was constantly busy. And then when I reached him, it turned out he had just died that week. Right, absolutely. Only everybody doesn't have the opportunity to find out that the feeling is true. My brother, by his own admission, he said, "We never felt like you were one of us." "You're really different from us," is the way he put it. My father and my brother very much are very controlled people. Everything had to be in its place. Everything was orderly. And I was like this little spark. I was going around trying to have a good time. I was very-- the way they described as a kid is overly sensitive. Yeah, like I cried a lot. I mean, I now, after having children, realize I wasn't particularly over-sensitive. I was just normal. I lived in an imaginative fantasy world. To them I seemed like I was different. So 1985, my Uncle Abie died. It was four years after my dad died. And I went to the funeral with my wife. And nobody was there. And my Uncle Abie was the kind of guy that didn't have-- I don't know. Everyone hated him. He was obnoxious. There was literally no one there. Never been to a funeral with nobody there. It was somewhere way out on Long Island. About the jar and the whole thing. And Les says, he goes "I'm sure that's not true." And I said, "Really, why?" And he said, "Well, I have to tell you. Around that time, my father was delusional. In fact, we had to lock him up. We had to put him away in an institution because he was hearing voices." So he said, "I don't think that anything he said would have been too accurate." So he was like "Nah, nah, it's probably not true." Sure, absolutely. I don't-- I look like my mother. But I've always felt that I have my father's body type. He was stringy, his stringy muscles. I mean I look like I'm a runner. He was squarer, solid, chunkier. The other detail about Abie, which wasn't a genetic thing, was that he had this huge cleft in his skull from some childhood accident. I always felt like he got hit in the head with an ax or something. And he had this dent in his skull. The whole thing about Abie was like repulsion toward him. So I called my cousin, Lesley, up. And I said to him, look I'm thinking about trying to do this in a more serious way. How do you feel about it? He was OK about it. Abie said to him, "Don't tell Lenny. Swear you'll never tell him." So wow, when he said that, then I thought, this has got to be true, right? Because here's Abie telling Lesley 30, 40 years before my father died that this story happened, that this thing happened. So that was really a turning point. Exactly. Then I tilt over to the thinking like wow, then it must be true. But I don't know. There's just something fishy about the story. There's something that I don't quite believe or I just find it hard to believe that there that I could have grown up and nobody would-- you know how in a movie, someone would take you aside and whisper to you, "There's something you don't know about yourself." There was just nothing of that. That's true. That's true, but there's something about Abie. I guess I still feel there's something unreliable about him, that there's something self-interested. In a funny kind of way, for the story to work, for it to point to Abie, it all depends on whether you trust Abie or not. Do I trust Abie? Because if I trust Abie, then what he told me and what he told his son is true. But if I don't trust Abie, if I doubt Abie, then the story's not true. Yeah. I guess the part that wants my father to win is the part that just wants to have that consoling structure of you know your past. If you looked at home movies and you reran them, and you saw yourself and your parents. And you said, oh look, there's me and there my parents. And here is my father doing this or my mother doing that. As opposed to if you reran them and you saw a person who wasn't your father, who knew on some level that he wasn't your father, trying to be your father, it just complicates the whole issue. There's something about the continuity and the way you thought of yourself you whole life that you want to keep going. Oh. hmm. That's a good question. Two people are coming to mind. One was this guy who lived across the hall who was a podiatrist. And his name was Nathan Zuckerman. And he had an office a couple blocks away from where we lived. And in the office was the one room that was the podiatrist room. And then there was the waiting room. And then there was what felt like 100 rooms back behind there with all kinds of electronic equipment. Exactly, yeah. But I would just turn everything on. And turn knobs and hear the [RADIO NOISES] sounds. And I used to go there every day after school and just go in there. And there would be all these old ladies waiting for their bunions to be removed. If he were the guy, yeah. Yeah, exactly. I mean, if we only got to pick our parents. Yeah, I really do. I mean, it definitely, in a weird way, it feels like I'm doing the act of dis-parenting my father. Right, right. I mean, that feels definitely bad. That feels kind of mean. Can I have a look? It's just a tiny little bit. It looks like maybe, if I were crying, would be about five tears. Let's see. That's the paraffin block? That's one slice? So that little piece of paraffin that you have there is where my father resides? So Dawn just put that back in a little drawer under a desk. And that's where my dad is now, in the drawer. He's in the drawer. OK, let's put this in context here. The envelope arrived today. It's sitting right over here. And I'm looking at it, and I know that inside this envelope is the answer. I'm going to find out who my father is. Or if my father is my father. The answer is sitting right there in the envelope. I had been operating on the assumption that if my father wasn't my father, then my uncle was my father. And that if my uncle was my father, my father was my uncle, which of course sounds like some kind of camp song. But it's still statistically possible that my uncle could be my father. But, in fact, it's probably more likely that there was another donor. It could have been anybody. If this was done in the hospital-- it probably wasn't. It was probably done in a doctor's office. And one of the standard things that happened back in 1949, 1948, was that the doctor himself sometimes was the donor. Or sometimes it could have been a medical student. Yeah. No, in a way, I'd just like him to wander along in his life and let me wander along in mine. I think I've had enough parents. I think I know enough now. I don't think I need to know more. This is even made so much stranger by the fact that my mother and father are dead. And I should be able to go over and see them and say, so what was this all about? And I would say it's OK. But I would turn everything on. And turn knobs and hear [RADIO NOISES] sounds.