OK, I've gotten like 95 phone mail messages in the last two days, but this is the funniest. [UNINTELLIGIBLE], coffee, tamar. [SPEAKING HEBREW], we won't forget. But [SPEAKING HEBREW]-- I have mixed feelings about it. I want to see proof that there indeed is a threat to the country. It was more of a spiritual experience for me than anything I had ever experienced before. I mean it's just like the whole world opened up, and there was nothing but light. And at that point, my life changed forever. Sign? They brought me into an office, and they just said "As you know, things have been very slow. And I really don't know how to tell you this. And I mean you've been great. It's not a firing. It's purely economic-based." But I feel like-- have you ever been laid off or fired? You know that blank feeling you get right here.? It's just like oh my god. Yeah, I'm in a rent stabilized place.  Very, very greasy. [SPEAKING ARABIC] So I stayed and didn't go to work that day. Cleaned all of them, fileted them, put them in a little bag. Then three weeks later, Hurricane Frederick came, and we were 79 days without any electricity over here. So all those free flounders we got from the bay went right back to the bay. That's why I call it easy come, easy go. What do you mean? I made a list of what I was getting everyone. And I'm pretty confident in it. Your horse?  Do some investigative reporting.  Governor Thompson signed the measure into law in a special ceremony at the new Washington Irving Elementary School on South Oakley. When the reforms go into effect next July, one, school administration will be decentralized. Some of the power goes to parents and local school boards. Principals will be gaining more control over their own schools. Yeah, I want to apologize for something and maybe-- well, I guess it's too late to apologize for it, but I want to apologize for it now. I don't know. Yes, sir, that's about the handsomest bull I've seen in all my days of cattle ranching. No ma'am. No ma'am. Noman. Akmed. Addeb. Hasna Debuyah. Leya. Azizah. Azizah.