Nobody can decide, though, whether he's going in or being spit back out. It's up to your interpretation. Tell him the story of Bobby [? Boucher. ?] No, no, you're getting it all wrong. We went to the-- No.  We disagree a lot. In fact, all of these guys disagree with me most of the time.  I have my own system. My system-- I find that betting favorites, in the long run, you end up losing money. Most of my horses are in the 20, 30 to one shots range. So I don't bet a lot of races here every day.  Well, this is my best bet of the day is Intrinsic Worth in the eighth.  I like the trainer. Honestly, but I might not even bet on him because he might be too short for me.  Right. If the odds are not good enough, I'm going to lay off the race.  The five broke bad. Right now he's running-- where is he running, fifth? He's out of the picture right now. I'm sure he's running last.  Right now, it looks like--  See? There it is. The five, from 20 lengths back, won the race. The horse that I told you. He looked like much the best in the race, and he was much the best. He went off at five to two, which means you get $7 back for $2 bets.  Absolutely, I want to see the kind of equipment they've got. Not only plant equipment and power producing equipment, I want to see what kind of cranes and logistical equipment we've got on site, and that sort of thing.  And then you got civil guys that want you to set the pipe and set the machinery to the grade of the concrete. It's like, no, it don't work like that.  Come here. I want to talk to you a second. Come here.  Come out here for a second, if you get a second. One second. You are not that busy. Come out here. He said, economic girly man That's the big refrain today. What? They call me liberal boy. And they get the refrain from Schwarzenegger-- that economic girly man. I've heard it all morning. I mean, between Giuliani's speech bashing Kerry and the economic girly man, it has been a bad two days to be down here. Put it that way.  I'm paying $400 a crack to go. It's $400. I got some takers. You can wager it in Vegas. It's $400, and I'll even throw in a drink afterwards. We're going to see Fahrenheit 9/11. Are you going to come with us?  What?  Well, we have a long relationship. We have a 10-year relationship, all of us on the floor. And it tends to be me against-- tends to be me against the pit. And Tom tends to be the leader on the other side. And he has quite a lot of help.  You think Clinton can take credit for the tech boom? Are you out of your-- Oh, come one, seriously.  The junior, Bush Junior drove it into the ditch. I mean come on. The father drove the economy into the ditch. And then Bush Junior drove it into the ditch.  I consider myself a political moderate.  I'm a moderate.  I'm a moderate. I'm right in the center. I'm a Clintonian. In fact, I love Bill Clinton. He tacked the country right to the middle.  He tacked the country right--  No, no, no. He tacked--  Fahrenheit 9/11 came out. All of the people, the conservatives, the people that I talked to in the pit, no one had seen the movie. No one had seen the movie. They would critique the hell out of the movie, but they wouldn't go see it. So I started--  All right, hold on here. This is the kind of thing that I have to endure. Hold on.  OK, no, you've been talking the whole time now. This is what happens in the pit. People are quoting everything else they read about the movie, but they won't see it, OK? And that is the premise that I've operated under. So the way this started is a guy that is in my next office comes in one day, is quoting the same stuff, saying, oh, it's so terrible, what Michael Moore is doing to the country with this movie.  Which one of these two, sitting in front of me? I think Tom is pretty vulnerable on this one. And I think it's going to be one of those things, if this does make him break--  I'm not bad-mouthing you. He asked me which one of you guys are going to come over to the other side after you see this thing.  See? I think he's ready. I think he's primed for a conversion. I think he's primed for a conversion. You know, you get your most extreme right before you decide to change.  You know, you're the kind of person that wasn't born in the elites of the country, right? And so, when Bush gets up and he says I'm here with-- wait, wait, hold on. He says I'm here with the mores and have mores, does that appeal do you, intrinsically?  Oh, you had it going in. You didn't show me that.  Did you read all these before you came into the movie today?  So you were prepared.  Tom will never really cede any ground in an argument, but I did see a door open, go ajar there. A little doubt entered his mind when he saw that the military benefits had been cut for the veterans. And I think that really bothered him. And it's a war of attrition with these guys. And by God, I'm going to work on them tomorrow morning, in the pit, with this thing. My name is Mike. I do a lot of business with these guys over here. I've been dealing with them for about 30 years, maybe, 30, 40 years.