The military that Castillo Armas had, which the CIA put together for him, was a ragtag force. This was essentially an army that was toothless. And in order to promote the army, if you will, essentially, they depended upon propaganda. It essentially was an elaborate puppet show that was played out over the airwaves. This was an air check. The announcer states, "Every Guatemalan should have, as symbols in his struggle against Communism, God, fatherland, and liberty against Communism, against the vices of the past. For a true democracy, this is Radio Liberacion." "Operating on its clandestine shortwave transmitter from some secret place in the Republic of Guatemala." That's tough to say. I think, on the whole, perhaps roughly 80% to 90% of it was pre-recorded in Florida, Opa-Locka, and brought down to the transmitter site-- which we believe was in Nicaragua-- by diplomatic pouch. Yeah, pretty much. Up until mid-June. This broadcast was, in fact, one of the ones that was made in the bush, so to speak. No, this was recorded in Nicaragua. Do you hear the hum on the audio? They set up so quickly in Nicaragua that they weren't even able to ground their equipment properly. In all of the broadcasts that were done in the jungle, you can hear this hum. They announce, "Radio Liberacion calling Agent Bernardo. Wait at the agreed place. Two hours later, launch the attack in sector R-25. The map shows the exact location of the target. Good luck. Signed, The High Command." They were essentially sending the message to the government that we have maps, we've got agents, we have already chopped up Guatemala into various sectors, we've got a High Command, we're well armed, and we're right at your doorstep. Absolutely nothing is happening. An interesting thing about this is that he says, "Tomorrow at 9,300 hours, you will receive the requested equipment." Well, 9,300 hours, there's no such term. So you can see-- They, essentially, didn't know what they were talking about. I think the CIA, at this point, was very happy with the results. Here, they're sending a quote unquote "coded message" to the guerrilla army, saying, "There's an important message. And here we go." "Our house--" "--has seven doors--" "--all are green--" "--except one--" "--which is yellow." The perception is that it's a coded message, that something is going to result out of this announcement. Because people had been hearing these kinds of announcements for a month and a half, as well as hearing announcements saying, look out your window, step outside on your patio, and step out into the streets in five minutes, a present will come to you. They step outside, and these anti-government leaflets are dropped out of these aircraft. Personable? That's what, essentially, they were trying to do, personalize the people behind the microphone. They also wanted to put across the fact that they were supposedly broadcasting from the jungle, from the mountains and that it's very tranquil, the air is clean, there are lots of wild animals. For the populace, hearing that, they think, gosh, there's an area of my country which the government has no reach. "There may have been hardships," as he says. "But yet, the warm support that we get from people everywhere is strong," he says. "It's very satisfying." Our house has seven doors. All are green except one.