 We said-- oh, you know what I think our plan was? Two weeks, if we can't get a job--  We were going to split and we were going to go to Afghanistan or Africa, I think.  It was just the way that the Jordanians tried to sell us the product. "It's a five star bus. Very good Mr.--"  Why not a five star bus?  We broke down in Fallujah, and we're like pissing on the side of the road, just like OK.  We just-- I think we had a little something to drink, or--  Yeah, we weren't that concerned.  We had applied for every job in Iraq.  Yeah, the T-shirts. Because our whole thing was, I'm never carrying a box. We always had to carry these boxes, because we made the shirts. We were like, we're never carrying boxes again.  We swore off boxes. And then we show up in Iraq and our job is boxes. I remember, I'd see Jeff sorting. I'd come in and--  It would just be a flashback. And he'd just be like, I want to kill myself.  Donkeys on the street eating raw sewage, kids with no shoes on. That was one of the major things was kids didn't have shoes, and we would always try to bring them the shoes and it was--  I got the nickname of Training Wheels over there, because I fell over so much. I passed out in three gardens that I can think of-- your garden, the garden at Al Hamrah.  --In the garden at the pool area.  Actually, they opened a bar in the bomb shelter.  The bomb shelter.  It was our building burning.  And then they switched the channel back to a rugby game.  We were definitely asking people, what was up with that bomb?  That's weird. How come every Tuesday at 12:30 there's a bomb found, or threat, or a detonator.  Yeah, one time we hear a boom and see a tire flying. And we were so gullible. They were like, oh no, that was not--  That was nothing to do with you guys.  Never left Baghdad in his life.  We should have just told Haider, go to Lebanon and never come back.  We did tell him that.  But we should have--  USAID says that you're not getting room service? Destroy that minibar.  We chose him because he was-- we got him killed. And-- I don't know.