Very personable guy. And 15 minutes into the interview, his shop foreman interrupted us and said, Sal, the guy that burned the truck just drove by. So we thought that maybe we could get outside and follow the car, or see the car, and get the license plate, you know, we'd have possibly information and evidence that we could lead for an arrest. Yeah. Calling the cops in this business is a death sentence. It's just not done. And this guy said that there was going to be a sit down over this, and he demand to know, by two o'clock, what our intentions were. And he gave me a business card with a phone number on the back and wanted to be called at that number. And that's what we did. Hello. Are you the Raymond? This is Danny of Chambers Paper. I saw you today with Sal. Yeah. No, we were leaving. We saw you backing up the [UNINTELLIGIBLE] down the street-- Listen. I'm not stupid either. Listen-- We would like to sit down and get together. Yes. Next week. You know, can you come over here? No, I mean-- no, next week. Right. Well, I was very nervous making this phone call, no doubt about it. I knew nothing about the garbage business other than what I was told since I was a little kid, that it was all mob-controlled. But you know, I mean, I'll meet you halfway. I mean-- We weren't assuming that this was going to lead to a big undercover operation. This was just some thug that came down to Chambers that day. The paper recycling business had 25 different paper grades. Single white ledgers, soft color ledger, mixed office waste, CPO groundwood, CPO laser free. Things like this. But I would have coffee with Sal around 10 or 10:30 in the morning, and when we'd go out, we'd talk about things like this. And Sal knew the business, and it was almost like he could do it in his sleep, but he couldn't articulate it to me very well. But eventually, I learned enough to pull it off like people who had been in the business for generations. A considerable amount of danger. Certainly Sal. Sal told people in the industry that I was his second cousin. He could have been killed. He was a careful guy. Even though he was young, he was schooling me, and he tended to like me. Yes. Because we're in the association. So in the association, this is where a lot of the scheming is done. But they don't want to talk about bids there. Because in case the government is listening-- He liked to get right close to you, right in front of your face, and whisper into your ear. He had a idiosyncrasy. Like, he liked to tap you, tap you at the front of your shirt when he was talking. And I didn't want him to touch the head of the mike, so I put it behind the button, and then all he would feel is the button. That was a home run. That was one of the most incriminating conversations. The Chin, just a couple years after that, went on trial with the federal government. The FBI had a case. And even they didn't have direct evidence like that. They did not have conversations like that. This was a home run. Eddie was explaining who was the boss, and the illegal activities of the association. The Chin? Gigante? He's like the biggest wise guy around. Are you sure? There was this family rule that he did not want his name talked about, and people should not get caught on tape talking about him. They might point to their chin. That was a code name for the Chin. But here we had Tamley spelling it out. He's the boss, but if I don't pay-- So he gave me directions to a restaurant where I've never been, and he even told me where to park. And I went to this pay parking lot. And as I was going to get the ticket and pay, the guy says, "What's your name?" I mean, no one ever asks you your name in these places. You just pull in, you get the ticket, and you go. I told him Dan. He says, oh, park in the back and take your keys with you. So this made me even more nervous. Yes. Benedetto. I mean, I am-- I'm one of the Benedettos. I'm a Benedetto. Yes. He asks me for my wallet. He wants to see my driver's license, and then we'll go forward. Dan is my name. I mean, my wife is [UNINTELLIGIBLE] Jim, I mean-- He's saying, it's good that you took off that beard, because this don't even look like you. And he laughed. In the picture taken for the license, I had a beard. [UNINTELLIGIBLE] than trying to dye it. I know at one point, I'm not sure if you have the clip of it, but I said, you know, I don't know what else to say to you. What we can do is-- He goes, you know, I have be careful. I said, I know, a man like you, you have to be careful. And you're going to check it out. And when the dust settles, if everything's OK, you give me a call, you know where to find me. Other than that, I don't know what to say. The prices dropped dramatically after this case. It was said by Mayor Giuliani, at the time there was a $600 million dollar reduction throughout the city. It was equivalent to the biggest tax break they ever had. I bumped into a couple of guys I knew from the club, but not any of the guys that went to jail. The one guy just asked what I was doing. I didn't answer him. I said, what are you doing? He goes, a little of this, a little of that. But he said first, he said, "Hey Dan, or whoever you are." And that was about it. I went on my way. And that was it. Calling the cops in this business is a death sentence. It's just not done.