I'm pretty sure that the 60 Minutes program was about charges that were being brought up against him, or just accusations that he was a drug trafficker, and you know, a bunch of other stuff. You know? Maybe he'll send us a hat. Because we made sure to put in that letter that, like, I really liked his hat, you know? And I think, you know, I drafted out something on notebook paper and we worked on it a little bit. Well, like I read the first letter, and I don't remember writing that. You know? And it's just kind of like-- almost I feel like it's a joke coming back to haunt me, and like, my dad [INAUDIBLE] in a way. Like, I don't know. He probably was like, oh, wouldn't it be cute if she said this? Yeah, I said that, you know, I really liked your hat, and "sadly, we can get nothing like it here." Come on! Jeez. You've got to send me a hat. Yeah. It was probably one of the most exciting things that ever happened to me, you know? I get this letter. Everyone loves getting mail anyway. But I'm like, a foreign leader! Wow. And I told him about where I was from. And you know, I'm from Northern Michigan, which I still think is a pretty special place. Kind of out there, as far as away from cities. And we get a lot of snow, and it gets really cold in the winter. Everything was really formal. And he never gave me personal details, I don't think, about his life. It was almost more like he was a spokesperson for Panama. And I think that's what he wanted to do. Not so much make me know him, but know his country. It seemed important. It seemed very important that we got invited, and that we're going to do this. You know? How just something happens in your life, and it's always different after that. It had that kind of feeling to it. I knew that I was going to get plenty of the bad guy story, so why not get the story from the bad guy, you know? But I don't know that I ever said, I'm going to be the judge of this. I think it was more just-- let's see what happens. Or let's see what we can find out. When we landed it was dark, and the city looked so enormous. And I don't think, when we were planning the trip, we knew much about what was actually going to take place when we went there. We were whisked away by these people. This was really overwhelming to me, because I'd been on an airplane all day. I just remember feeling really hazy about all this, and kind of just letting myself get dragged along. And I just knew that I had to keep smiling, because flashbulbs were going off everywhere, and everyone was, like, saying my name. Yeah, I just felt like such a celebrity. And everyone seemed like they knew me already. And I was just-- I don't know-- really amazed. I felt really loved. He looked just like he did on TV or in pictures, you know? I knew who he was right away. I think we brought him the snow globe that you shake? You know, just things that were different, that we thought would be different for them. And he was just really friendly, and really smiley. Almost just as much as his letters. Like very formal and kind, but not super personal. You know, I tried to be really polite. But I definitely tried to give the cold shoulder to people who I felt were being impolite to me. It was hard sometimes to be in the spotlight all the time, too. There was photographers following us around, constantly. It was almost as much of a shock as going there. When I came home, it was freezing, and of course I'd felt like, oh, I'm accustomed to this tropical climate now. And there was kids from my class waiting for me at the airport. And I felt like a total celebrity. And right away, when I got, back we started putting together a slide show of pictures that we'd taken. And I went to a lot of classes in different schools, and went and talked to the ladies' club at some church. I felt pretty important. But it wasn't long before we started hearing more negative stuff, too. I guess it was pretty controversial that I accepted the invitation. And a lot of people said, you know, it was fine that she was writing to him, but why would she have to accept this invitation there? I wouldn't let my daughter go. I remember being in middle school and getting a phone call from a radio station. And I think it was set up beforehand that I was going to do this interview, like a live radio show. And I took the call in the principal's office, and they left me alone in his office I could use the phone and have some privacy. "Dear Sarah, when I invited you to visit my country Panama, I did it only for the intelligence and curiosity that you had about Panama, never with the intention of political or propaganda overtones. The United States and Panama have had common interests since 1903, and never in our territory has there existed any hate or aggression toward the North American people. The American people have an interest in knowing our children and our ethnic groups. I was interested that you should see our poor and not just the pretty, coquettish things. I was also interested that you should be free to move around, question, and walk our streets. I was interested that you should see our children and play with them and see that they have need of help and protection of the government and its leaders. "May you have a good trip. I send greetings to your father Mitchell, to your brother Carl, to your brother Caleb, to your neighbors, to your teachers, to your friends, and the man who runs the only gas station in town, Francis. Greetings to the principal, Mr. Robert Trevilcock. The next time you'll also be invited to Panama. I think it got just too confusing for me, and I think it was just easier for me to kind of ignore a lot of what was going on. I don't know. You don't know what's a safe. Like, can you imagine there's a young teenager writing to you in prison? Like, what would they say, or how would they try to-- how would they be able to make you feel better? I guess so. And just to let him know that we were standing behind him and supporting him, and that we were still friends. But I just didn't really know how to do that.