I wouldn't even call it a crime. People do it all the time. I had been shopping with my older daughter. And I insisted that she buy this most gorgeous Geoffrey Beene outfit that had the Saks Fifth Avenue hangtag price of, I think, $3,800. And at Loehmann's, it was, oh, about $200. And I said, "Oh, Susan, you really have to have this." Right. I said, "Well, that's all right. Just credit my account." Right, right, right. Oh, no. No, a few times during the year. The Getty. Oh, but it's not possible. These reservations were made six months ago. I would not just show up here without a reservation. Do I look like that kind of a person? I happen to look like a very honorable, decent sort of a person. But I have found a way to get around the system, which many people are reluctant to do. Yes, I am very tenacious. Right, because I won't take no for an answer. I just wear the person down, I suppose. And very often, it doesn't take very long. It definitely is. It certainly is not about the money. My dad was a very successful executive. And he always said to me, if you walk into a place and hold your head up high, nobody will ever question because you look as though you belong where you are. And that has served me in good stead. Wherever I have wanted to get into, I have been successful in getting in. I would have preferred the raincoat. I don't know that I would say a couple of years ago. I wouldn't say when it was purchased. Play dumb. He just gave it to you because you were going to be in New York and asked that you return it. That's good. That's good. I like that. Yes, my dear, how can I help you? Has no occasion. Has no occasion. Because it makes him sound like maybe he is a more important kind of a person, rather than some yokel. Make him sound like he's a CEO of some major company, but likes small town living and does not like the city and doesn't feel comfortable-- Oh, I can assure you that this was not purchased at an outlet. I don't know about outlets, because I'm not an outlet shopper. Hi. I'm sorry to bother you. I'm trying to help my daughter's boyfriend. And then when he heard that my daughter was coming to New York, he asked her to bring it back to any one of the Burberry stores. No, he received a whole bunch of gifts from Burberry. It happens to be his favorite store. And your manager can tell you that I'm wearing one of your pairs of pants today coincidentally. Well, he's in Arkansas. I'm here in New York with the sweater. You know, there is a time difference between here and Arkansas. Well, I have been in many situations in my life, from Chanel to Givenchy, and I have never had a situation like this. I am a faithful Burberry shopper. Well, because I'm leaving the city today. I'm going out of state. And I probably won't be back for another year, so I was hoping-- I really think that since everything jived, the label-- they didn't have a hangtag. Well, maybe that's the way they wrap their gifts, without a hangtag. The reason we didn't get satisfaction is because he knew that my pants were knockoffs.