Man, they're firing up some [BLEEP]. The lead company right behind us is buying up all those vehicles there. I hope they understand what a Humvee looks like. This is X-ray. We have got a truck with troops on it, moving down [UNINTELLIGIBLE] [SPEAKING ARABIC] Hey, tell these people to back up.  About two and a half hours.  The reason we came up here was two-fold. His father represents President Karzai. President Karzai has imposed a-- what you call it, it's a moratorium. Anyway, he's preventing people from cutting down all the trees.  His reason is, unless you have a program to regrow the trees, it's going to have a bad effect.  The second reason is that there was a problem that was up here a few months ago.  We brought Shah Wali up here, we have the elders here, so that we don't have a repeat of this problem in the future. Just because people don't like other people, there's a personality conflict, OK? It doesn't mean that you can't follow the duly appointed people in those positions.  What I was going to say, for instance, in the United States, if I get fined from a policeman for driving too fast. But I think I was driving the speed limit, OK. I don't shoot the policeman, OK. I don't run him over and say, I'm not going to listen to you, because I was right and you were wrong. I go through the official system.  I want to get a picture of him shaking Shah Wali's hand. [LAUGHTER]  Everybody's calm downed, you see. Let's talk now about some of the problems, and I'm going to let some of the other people speak in the room now. Major Doug will talk about the projects we can do to bring peace and stability.  I'm going to tell you that I cannot promise you we're going to build you a clinic, a school, a road or a bridge. I will not promise you that. And if another soldier promised you that, I can't guarantee that those things are going to happen. I can tell you that we have submitted the paperwork to try and build a school here. But I am waiting on approval from my generals to see if we can do that. Yeah, there's a wire across the road down there.  Sure.  An old man and old woman, they were walking together. We passed them coming down. We can hike up to them, but--  Anyone want to ask that [BEEP]-er if he's got a phone on him, or a radio?  Yeah, he's got his wife with him. I don't think-- Can we call them over here?  It's his wife. You're not going to disturb his wife, right?  Yeah.  Please forgive us, as we've disturbed your rest.  I'm always glad when I hear a humble man express that.  If you see something in the road that looks like an explosive, or a wire, don't do anything about it yourself. Contact an official.  We're heading back. They either got it cleared or realized it wasn't a danger. Have a good day, man. Get down.  Reloading! Where they at? I can't see [BEEP].  Just stay down over there.  Just stay low.  OK, John, check our 3:00. Somebody's pointing to our 3.  No, no, I was pointing at him, telling him--  Terry was pointing to our 3:00.  We need to be moving, we need to be moving. Let's go! Get in! Get in!  Stop, stop!  9:00!  You're going to have to relay commands from these guys, who are going to be on the radio. You're going to yell at me, I'm going to be on that hilltop with those AMF guys, OK? No, you just, you stay in here, you stay safe. But if he has something that comes over the radio, you yell it to me, I'll hear you.  Tell him to pull up his glass, so he doesn't get a bullet. Tell him he don't need to lose the other eye.  Hey, hey, yell to the chief, we're going to move. Get everybody back over here.  Load it up! Here's what's happening. We're going to bound through, our two vehicles. We'll take the lead, establish another support position. Then we're going to bound through and keep on going. You give me a [BEEPING]-ing thumbs up, let's go!  Roger that!  Let's go! Get in the vehicle! Goddammit let's go!  Let's go!  Watch the civilians, guys!  OK, guys.  See you, soon. All right, buddy, we'll catch you later. Watch movies, do something.  OK, bye guys. Says who?  You're not even my boss.  My boss is Major General Dempsey, who's in charge of the five million people that are in the city of Baghdad, you included. Major General Dempsey.  Well, [BEEP] the ministry of transportation.  I know you're not. OK, make it an issue! First of all-- Go ahead! Tell me! You're damn right I got an attitude! I've got civilians that have been here a couple months--  Oh, whoopdedoo.  I've been here since March.  Well, right now, I'm practicing my right!  I got that. You're really stressing me.  [BEEP] you!