We had just met. And we'd go out for drinks and stuff after work. We really liked each other and we wanted to, like-- we decided we were going to be new, really good friends, you know? But we didn't know anything about each other, so we'd start to tell each other things. But the problem was, we were just so busy and there was never enough time to tell each other the big stories in our life. She did. She got to the point where-- because she would start to tell me stories, and she would get really frustrated by how much she had to tell. And then she was like, I'm just going to make you a tape. And so, at one point, I was going home to LA. I'm from LA. And then right before I left for LA, she just was like, here you go, here's your tape. And I started listening to it, and it was true. She started by saying, OK, so now I'm going to do my ex-boyfriend montage. The whole first side A is all her ex-boyfriends, all the way they affected her and how it changed her, and with all the little details thrown in. And it's very thorough, and it's very complete. And I definitely get a sense of the boyfriend. I mean, the whole goal of it is so nice and touching, that she wanted me to know this about her, and that she put this time into making this catalog of her life so that I could know her better. And then, on side B, she starts-- she has a list of the other things that she wanted me to know. And they're really, really, really small things. And they're just like, I had this dream once and I feel you should know this. I get afraid when people are choking in restaurants. Just tiny, couple sentences. And she's got a list and she's kind of checking it off as she goes along. Yes. She walks around and has people say hello to me. And she says, will you say Happy Birthday to my 75-year-old Grandmother, Starlee. Total complete strangers. They're just random people on the street. I think so. For sure, yeah. It totally felt like the perfect solution to the problem of making friends as you get older, you know? Because as you get older-- I'm not that old, but the thing I miss most as an adult is time. It's like time is so valuable now. And you don't get to have the same conversations that you did when you were in high school, where you'd be on the phone with someone for, like, eight hours a night. Or you'd just stay up all night long and tell every single thing that's ever happened to. And there was even less that had happened to you because you were, like, 15 years old. And it was so much talking. So much bonding. Bonding, bonding, bonding. Some could say that. Sure. But as far as, like, the past stuff, I feel like it's not that big a difference sometimes. Because it gets to a point where you just have all these bottled stories. Like, I got this boyfriend, he did this. And I have this boyfriend, he did this. And it meant this and it meant that. And it's like, why not just put those stories on a cassette tape to have someone listen to all at once. It's all very-- well, this whole thing's sort of a mess, diplomatic-wise. I voted for you, Rakoff. I have to say-- Men are perfect. Jerks. How was that? OK. Men are perfect-- jerks! Hey, how about a little male-bashing? Where's the best place to hide money from a man? Your forehead. Thank you! Are you kidding? Oh, you're crazy. You're so crazy. I can't believe it. You're in total denial. No. Trust me. They were against you. Really? I would have to say, I disagree. Comedy translated just fine when I went up. Yeah. That I thought up some new titles for my book. Do you want to hear them? OK. My Chops, My Life. Chopzilla, The Chop That Was Heard Around the World, Queen Choptifa-- I'm funnier than Jonathan. The Kid Stays In the Chop, A Chip Off the Old Chopping Block, Li'l Chop, It's Lonely Near the Chop, They Call Me Choppy-- Hey, how about a little male-bashing?