 Well, these are photographs of chickens. The first one here is a Silver Laced Wyandotte. It's a black and white bird, essentially, but the tail feathers have a lot of iridescent green coloring.  Mm-hm. [AFFIRMATIVE] It's a modeled Houdan, which I always sort of call the Phyllis Diller chicken, which is--  It does. It's the hat. It looks like it's got this huge feathered hat sort of thing, and a strange body shape.  Yeah, we've got to get him. We don't want him to get dirty or anything, do we? Or does it matter?  Can you find her?  We're going to get him to-- we're going to have to wrangle them, you know.  Well, maybe-- it could be a little wider, don't you think? And if it could be from here to there, and know that pole to that pole.  Well, we are set-- maybe this is a good time to pull out the portfolio.  You want to grab it?  Standard of Perfection. The Standard of Perfection is really the bible of poultry standards. You know, what birds are--  The tail needs to be higher. Her feet are not erect, standing. Chest isn't out. Head, it needs to be up more. And it shows-- I mean, you can see the shape of the chicken much better in the Standard of Perfection pose.  Right. Because it's not about personality. It's about breeding.  They are very particular about this-- they want to see their bird in the Standard of Perfection pose. Definitely. Because that's what they've been taught from 4-H, when they were kids, to do.  11 and 1/2, 11, and an 8 and 1/2?  We're close. Just want to commune with the bird.  If you could just nudge his head up a little bit, he's perfect. He's got his chest out. Now he's got his face in-- OK. Yeah, you know what we want. Yeah, you're-- great, George. He's got a feather on his back here.  You know what? You know that works.  Fresh blood. Bring him around a little bit so his back--  Get the girl to-- she looks like her feet are so far apart, she's really struggling to stand.  That's all right, that's all right. Ah-- [CAMERA CLICKS] Oh, did you see that?  All right, we got it.  She looked up at him very sweetly. Like that. With her head cocked. The male bird was posing, and she was posing also, but had a personality of just being like the sweet, doting mother, you now?  But not Standard of Perfection.  So we're done with this background, and--  He's a beauty. What ya eating there, buddy?  Whew, it slapped me.  We've got to figure out where the--  Hello, bird. Are you going to slap me in the face again? I hope not.  You know why you're here? Let's talk. We need you to be beautiful. Here's your moment. OK? There are more where you came from, buddy. You better act up here.  There's some feathers on the breast a little bit. A little bit fluffy. You know, it's like she's not real cleaned on there-- OK. She's a little farther. You guys are a great team. I'm going to hire you to come with me.  No, she's completely out of frame.  Hello?  No. Not at all.  Um, I order the chicken when I'm at the show. I eat it right in front of the chickens.  Yes. [LAUGHING] Is it wrong? I don't know. I'm hungry.  Yeah.