The good, is, the tape goes in easy and does the job.  The down side is, to actually use it I have to waste lots of tape to wrap around my finger to make it stable -- it is very, very slippery. And, it breaks often, meaning this wasteful process gets repeated often once per cleaning.  That makes me think the cost of using this will be 4 X the cost of some of the other Oral B normal round floss types. I think this floss is okay... When using it, it doesn't seem to make my teeth feel cleaner than before I used it. I've tried other brands and they are rougher in texture when moving them across the teeth giving me the impression that it's scraping away the debris. This floss doesn't give me that impression. It's too smooth. It is easy on gums though which is nice if you have sensitive gums for whatever reason. Love the freshness it leaves your mouth.  The only drawback I have with this floss is the thinness of the ribbon.  It is one of the thinnest I have ever bought and used.  It stills removes buildup but not a well as thicker floss.  GOOD BUY! It is wide floss that easily gets in between teeth. I like it but I sometimes think a traditional waxed floss with a little more texture does a better job removing particles from between my teeth. It is also on the expensive side. Great product. Price isn't too bad compared to retail stores. Neither is buying in bulk. Use it to pad out your subscribe and save to five items and it almost pays for itself depending on your other items. This is the best kind of floss I've used so far. The reason why I gave 4 stars is for just two reasons - it's not as strong or as thick than what my dentist uses. Also, I have a chipped tooth right next to the gum line and this floss is like others, the floss seperates in that area. It does glide nicely though as if coated in a mint wax. Will continue to purchase! As someone who has put off regular dental care for waaaaayyy too long my recent and actual forays into the dentist have shown that I had to pay the piper.  While at the dentist office I was asked multiple times, in an effort to shame me I suppose, how often I flossed.  I didn't even bother to lie and replied with an honest "0".  The look of exasperations told me that obviously I was deserving of all the cavities I had accumulated.  So now, as I do wish to keep my teeth, I am finally joining the flossing ranks.This was the first flossing product I ordered as the ancient string floss I had in my medicine cabinet seemed suspect.  I have never been a fan of flossing as my teeth are very close together and it is difficult to get floss through.  I can say this product is true to itself in that it actually does get through the spaces in my teeth and doesn't snag or break, which I have experienced before.  The slight minty taste is subtle and not overtly waxy.  So all in all I now begrudgingly floss my teeth at night and am trying hard to stick to my new routine.  I gave 4 stars because I still don't like flossing but that's not poor Oral-B's fault. It's better than all the other floss I used. It's on the thicker side. It glides flawlessly and leaves a mild minty taste.Only problem I encounter is whenever I use it on a tight area, it shreds then snaps. Doesn't happen often but it can be a hassle. Although whenever it snaps, it doesn't leave a piece in between the teeth like the ones I used before did, which can be really uncomfortable and annoying.Update:Been using it for a year now and it's still the best floss for me out there. Out of around 10 of these that I used, around 2 of them had issues with the floss getting stuck inside. No amount of pulling helps. You'll have to open it and untangle the floss inside so you can use it again. This floss really does "Glide" in between your teeth & has a minty taste.  I am more used to the pick flossers so sometimes its tricky to use the string floss but this kind def makes it a little easier.  It doesn't hurt my gums either and I feel like it does a great job. Good dental floss, gets out those tough to extricate little food bits.  It's wider than most floss so I like it for that reason. It does have a minty flavor that I could do without, but it does make your mouth feel fresher after you floss.    